And is it possible you can be ty’d up to a Wife?
Pleasant this--Well, _Frank_, I do--And what then?
I say, let me no more see thee approach this Lady.
--But pray, how long, Sir, have you lov’d me so?
Come, give me your Vows, or we must part for ever.
And you were so forward, Sir Timothy--  Sir _Tim_.
Why, Sir--what think you of debauching his Sister?
And you, _Frank_, will you marry my Niece _Diana_?
Well, and what do you intend to do, if it be, Sir?
_Enter_ Bellmour, _Sir_ Timothy, Sham _and_ Sharp.
Come hither, _Frank_, is not this a fine Creature?
--Nay, now--nor Heaven, nor Hell, shall hinder me.
Sir, my Lord Plotwell is at the Door in his Coach.
Rise, and whate’er you ask, I’ll freely grant.
To wait my Doom; what Tidings hast thou, _Guzman_?
he may be the Devil’s Fellow by his countenance.
Hah, ‘tis the Sot himself;--my name is _Carlos_.
What means he, sure he has a Gad-bee in his Brain.
I know thou wilt be true, and I’ll not doubt it.
Hey, Rogues, Rascals, Boys, follow me just behind.
Ah, nothing but a great gilt Coach will become it.
Oh, nothing is so ventrous as Love, if it be true.
All, all; sa, sa, quoth I, sa, sa, sa, sa, sa, sa.
Why, ‘tis the great _Turk_, a Queen of _Turkey_.
I’ll see no more,--here I have fix’d my heart.
--Attend these Captives, at a respectful distance.
not I, why, what hurt is there in being a Cuckold?
You need not tell us, we have been witness to all.
Shaw, Conditions, any Conditions, noble _Antonio_.
By Heav’n, each Moment makes me more your Slave.
Spoken by Mrs. Barry, made by a Person of Quality.
Answer me first, what makes you here this Morning?
Away with it, to the Bride’s _Haunce in Kelder_.
Pray, Sir, what store of Miracles have you at _St.
But ‘twas a greater, Sir, that ‘twas believed.
For sure thou canst not take a Shape to fright me.
--Take to thee Courage, and behold thy Slaughters.
--Hah--hum--what’s here--                 _Bel_.
Oh, Sir, you’re welcome from _Northamptonshire_.
Hah--who’s that knocks--who’s there?--  _Bel_.
I wou’d fain ask--a civil Question or two first.
Well, Sir, do you not know that I am married, Sir?
Give me your hand, my Love, my Life, my All--Alas!
Hah--I hope ‘tis no stol’n Goods;    [_Aside_.
Believe me, that Dissembling was his Master-piece.
Why should he fear, did not my Father promise him?
It may be so--but she shall do’t discretly then.
I am dead, I’m dead; will no Repentence save me?
What, in love with any body, but your own Husband?
Away, be gone--I’ll never see you more--  _Gay_.
None--’twas filthy Avarice seduc’d him to’t.
THE FORC’D MARRIAGE; OR, THE JEALOUS BRIDEGROOM.
She is also courted by the cowardly fop, Falatius.
By _Jove_, he’s dissatisfy’d with every thing.
He’s damn’d will lose a moment on’t for you.
What meanest thou, is she not married?--  _Alcan_.
And ‘tis my Friend too that’s become my Rival.
Oh, tell me not of kindness, where’s _Alcippus_?
‘Tis much, my Lord, you’ll not be satisfy’d.
Nay, why shouldst thou delay me thus with stories?
Thou hast amaz’d me, prithee speak more clearly.
_Re-enter_ Falatius, _with_ Alcander _melancholy_.
By Jove, there is no truth in them, that’s flat.
Nay, now y’are too unjust, and I will leave you.
Thou know’st thy power, and now or never use it.
My Lord the Prince, what makes your Highness here?
--Where dost thou mean, bad Man, to hide thy head?
Why, Sir, do you think there can indeed be Ghosts?
--Sure I am fixt, what, shall the Devil fright me?
Well, Sir, your business, for mine requires haste.
What arguments will you produce to prove You love?
The Storm comes on, your Highness should avoid it.
Can you forgive the Griefs I’ve made you suffer?
under favour, Sir, that will be something uncivil.
My Mistress _Mopsophil_ to marry a Farmer’s Son!
Here I must have dropt it; a Light, a Light there.
Ha,--a Man,--and in my House,--Oh dire Misfortune!
Scaramouch _follows_ Cinthio _in a Campaign Coat_.
Come, come, gratify him, and see better hereafter.
Seignior,--your Opinion honours me--rare Man this.
Has it signify’d all things so exactly, say you?
Ay, Seignior, ‘tis most uncivil to interrupt me.
How shall I resolve her--For ought I know, we are.
Not in 1724.  p. 43, l. 19 _with all your Faults_.
_R.P_.’  p. 183, l. 1 _To The Right Honourable_.
I have numbered this and the two following scenes.
p. 305, l. 14 _The Representation of the Wedding_.
Nay thou hast ...’  p. 310, l. 31 _Not so well_.
I take ’.gnorant’ as the obsolete substantive.
1724 ‘a Street.’  p. 418, l. 27 _a Flambeaux_.
must rely on Dresswell’s friendship,’ (p. 20).
Bromingham was a slang term of the day for a Whig.
Birmingham was already noted for spurious coinage.
For the idea compare ‘brize-stung’ (= crazed).
III, ‘opens, discovers th’.mperor’s Chamber.
Love that stronger art’ is in no way beyond her.
Philander and Galatea played upon the apron stage.
CHESTER’S FIRST EXPERIENCES IN NEW YORK     XII.
“I ain’t rich, said Silas Tripp, cautiously.
“Yes, I had to part with my overcoat long since.
Silas Tripp has a small soul, hardly worth saving.
“I want everything to be legal, resumed Bruce.
If you     have any others ready, send them along.
“You’ve got a tidy little place here, ma’am.
“I wonder where he’s going, thought Chester.
Don’t you go for to run away.  Chester smiled.
“I say, there’s the tramp now, he exclaimed.
“Does Mr. James Long live here? asked Chester.
He says that he left it behind in the office here.
“I think I’ll go to Daly’s Theater to-night.
He was shown at once into the professor’s study.
“May I come in, uncle? he asked, with a smile.
Would you like to see him?  Chester shrank back.
“Did you come to see me? asked Ernest, softly.
But his heart was filled with feverish excitement.
“Who are you? asked the astonished bookkeeper.
“Yes, he answered, “he arrived last evening.
Please call at     our office as soon as possible.
“I bring you an invitation to dinner, he said.
“Only a rich boy, corrected Chester, laughing.
“Am I to arrest this man? asked the policeman.
“There’s a great row at the office, he said.
On Fourteenth Street he fell in with Felix Gordon.
Then ask a fair price, not one that is exorbitant.
Will you go over with me to Mr. Taylor’s office?
“Good-evening, Mr. Mullins, he said, politely.
He had not been aware that his stepson could swim.
A terrible surprise was in store for Mrs. Trimble.
“Good-evenin’, widder, said Silas, coughing.
Such it was in the last calm year of plenty, 1913.
Miss Pinnegar served in the shop on Friday nights.
In Manchester House, every voice lowered its tone.
She was not particularly religious by inclination.
It was his teeth which Miss Frost could not stand.
She found him fascinating, but a trifle repulsive.
She was as free of him as if he had never existed.
But out of a certain perversity, she wanted to go.
Well, a pretty lot they were, one way and another.
Miss Frost shuddered, and abstained from question.
Headley in particular hoped he might overcome her.
Was it worth much, after all, behaving as she did?
So both alike were defeated in their expectations.
For her wonderful energy had ebbed and oozed away.
Alvina said nothing, but settled down to her task.
There was no spontaneous interchange between them.
We all know what a provincial Temperance Hotel is.
It all seemed really too funny to her—too funny.
What’s that for? asked Lottie Witham shrewdly.
But she liked Arthur Witham, in his shirt sleeves.
But it was Arthur who came out into communication.
“You won’t _say_ you are, interposed Arthur.
He did not seem to be walking with his whole body.
There isn’t more than a minute’s fixing to do.
“It’ll wash out, he said, frightened of her.
What a man, answering her like a little automaton!
“I must go home.  “Why, what’s your hurry!
Emphatically, she did not want to work for a wage.
And this is humiliating, the ultimate humiliation.
I’m afraid he will have to do that part himself.
“Mushrooms—most beautiful things in the world.
The crowd quieted itself, the eloquence flowed on.
The crowd was sick of James, and began to shuffle.
This is the storm from whence the rainbow emerges.
For she did not find him at all physically moving.
Although you smile.  Alvina did more than smile.
I know they always talk as if we were second-rate.
And she became somewhat vulgarized in her bearing.
Alvina went across to Madame with the thermometer.
Who would have thought Kishwégin would need help.
“I don’t think you can see at all, she said.
She saw the light still burning in the front room.
“Oh—alors—Then I am better, I am quite well.
There, Miss Houghton, I shall do what you tell me.
All alike! Madame subsided fretfully and weakly.
The men rise once more and bend over the prisoner.
But Mr. May was a little too frisky as Kishwégin.
And now they think they’ve done it all, you see.
I shall go to Naples, to see my mother’s sister.
A tidy man, _I_ say.  He did not look at Alvina.
You know they’re only men dressed up, for money.
Of course you wouldn’t be a good business woman.
Mr. May enjoyed himself hugely playing Kishwégin.
“Let us see.  Max now moved his arm with pain.
Alvina stole out of the room, followed by Mr. May.
Ciccio! he yelled, dropping off his own bicycle.
Wants thee to come back.  Ciccio shook his head.
Come with me, because I haven’t all my strength.
“Te voilà donc! she said, without expression.
“Sure, he said slowly, with subtle intonation.
And I don’t want to rob Natcha-Kee-Tawara, do I?
She did not know what to say, and he said nothing.
He had developed a nervous horror of all artistes.
She looked back at him, as from across a distance.
And I warrant they’ll want to be at the funeral.
But all the time she was uttering her condolences.
It is not pleasant for you, who have not known it.
Nor do they know the Swiss clean and proper house.
He felt himself imprisoned and out of his element.
Ay, if she had her rights she’d be a rich woman.
Ay, when she thinks she’s hooked on to somebody.
She tried to think of Madame’s slow enunciation.
“All right, he said, shaking her hand loosely.
“All right, he said, ducking and turning away.
And they all had schemes, and they all had advice.
Chianti—hein?  They all bowed above the table.
It was the unknown beauty which almost killed her.
“I shall go and look at the town, said Alvina.
And she knew they were relieved that she had gone.
“You will come with me to Woodhouse? she said.
Come on bicycle with me.  Ciccio shook his head.
There were other people in the carriage with them.
She wished, for the moment, Ciccio were not there.
Why even Miss Pinnegar would be lost if she could.
What a blow you give me!  “Why? said Alvina.
“Oh! perked Mr. May, yellow with strange rage.
“Now.  For a second, she struggled frenziedly.
“That is only on the _estimate_ of the property.
For answer, she only looked at him with wide eyes.
She must pack her two boxes, and leave them ready.
“It’s not more than I expected, said Alvina.
Why, Miss Frost earned a good deal more than I do.
“Let us wait, and see.  She took it smilingly.
So Alvina knew that she was not very badly wanted.
And if not?  The two women looked at each other.
Ciccio turned aside, with his faint, stupid smile.
And she would be absolutely free, absolutely free.
The medical board were charming to her—charming.
She could begin tomorrow—but she had no uniform.
In the houses of the poor he was a great autocrat.
Certainly she neither feared nor even admired him.
For this year of our story is the fatal year 1914.
And the next time I ask you, you’ll let me know.
He enjoyed the procrastination as much as she did.
But there were plenty of worse hurts in the world.
Perfectly horrible!  “Well, said the matron.
Yet she was quite certain she would not marry him.
A child ran against the wheel of the standing car.
They threw aside the whole vestment of convention.
Then in the drive she picked up Effie’s flowers.
I can understand a little Italian— She paused.
Oh—! She was wild and sweating with her pains.
But _ultimately_ she could find no fault with him.
He was very happy, and his face had a real beauty.
Never had she felt so utterly strange and far-off.
Piace?  “Do you like it, interpreted Ciccio.
Of course, I knew molto, from, music, she added.
“Have you brought food?  “No, said Ciccio.
But there—a clocking, shouting, splashing sound.
And it seemed as if they needed some one to serve.
This coarse, heavy food was wearying beyond words.
Ciccio persuaded Alvina to stay in bed a few days.
I shall go to England.  He watched her narrowly.
“What is it? she said, laying her hand on him.
“I can’t come back. She heard it so fatally.
She blew out the light, that she need not see him.
The Welsh shall treat us and ours in the same way.
The False Rhetoric of the Declamation Schools   4.
Logic and Rhetoric in the English Renaissance   1.
Theories of Poetry in the English Renaissance   1.
Moral Improvement through Precept and Example   3.
Allegory and the Rhetorical Example in Poetic   3.
Otherwise Aristotle does not discuss lyric poetry.
Dictare was to write letters or prepare documents.
Garland has neither real poetic nor real rhetoric.
The second book deals with the voice and gestures.
Our fountain-pen was an additional puzzle to them.
There were no bridges in this part of the country.
There was now only one plan that could be pursued.
For pillows we used the provision-bags and camera.
Over these latter our progress was extremely slow.
The Chinese have rather a sour than a sweet tooth.
As it was there was but little rest for the weary.
A funeral cortège was also a very frequent sight.
“Were you not rash in attempting such a journey?
Ask me--No, you need not, because you know already.
What, not that I am to marry your Sister _Celinda_?
Why did not Heaven make all Men like lo _Bellmour_?
But grant I can speak, what is’t you’ll ask me?
Good gentle Nurse, have Mercy upon the poor Knight.
Yes, but we knew not that you were a Coward before.
Or cou’d I, Sir, it cou’d not change my Nature.
Thou wert not wont to hear the Musick play in vain.
_Enter_ Friendlove _disguised, as one from a Camp_.
Take heed, Sir, what you say, for I’m in earnest.
--Say, Madam, can you love a Man that dies for you?
Oh, art awake--What a Devil ail’st thou, _Frank_?
A Wench, or any thing--come, let’s drink a round.
And I will know, why ‘tis she is thus perjur’d.
THE FALSE COUNT: or, A New Way to play an old Game.
How, are you not to marry his Daughter, _Isabella_?
and wou’d the false, forsworn, receive your Vows?
And the first thing I met with was old _Francisco_.
As any Man in _Cadiz_, Sir, with good instructions.
Oh thou Monster of Ingratitude, have I caught thee?
But you must study to refine your Manners a little.
alas, my Lord, ‘tis a silly Citizen’s Daughter.
D’ye hear, hah?--this Lady has beg’d your life.
That you shall, Sir, Sol la me fa sol, &c.  _Fran_.
Come, come, we can’t attend your amorous Parleys.
And how far is that from _Cadiz_?--but what care I?
Ay, Sir, to guard his Mistresses, ‘tis an honour.
Take her, young Man, and with it both your Ransoms.
Am not I in the Possession of _Turks_ and Infidels?
Nay, dear sometimes have bought the Frippery stuff.
Sir _Cautious_, know my Nephew--’tis a young _St.
Quite out of breath--a Chair there for my Landlady.
I do, and therefore trust my little wants with you.
I own I was to blame--here, Sir, you shall take it.
So may your change of Mistress do me, Sir--farewel.
Is’t possible, Sir, you cou’d devise such News?
This is the most excellent revenge I ever heard of.
Ay, I learnt it of a great Politician of our Times.
So, put it into my Cabinet,--safe, _Francis_, safe.
Fortune and Love invite you, if you dare follow me.
Where’s Sir _Cautious_, where’s Sir _Cautious_?
Sir _Feeble Fainwou’d!_--rise,--are you both mad?
Hah--see, by Heaven _Leticia_, Oh, we are ruin’d!
Wrong not my Brother so, who dies for you--  _Dia_.
Take Courage, Madam--you guess right--be confident.
I dare say neither of us were ever that way gifted.
I doubt you’ll find it to my Grief--    [_Aside_.
Where shou’d I be--in Bed; what, are you by dark?
What--to possess thee when the Bliss was offer’d?
Hah, Ghost--another Sight would make me mad indeed.
Hah--who’s that, _Francis!_--my Nephew _Francis_?
THE FORC’D MARRIAGE;  or, the Jealous Bridegroom.
Methinks thou now should’st blush to bid me live.
Faith, Madam, try, you’ll find it just like mine.
_Enter_ Falatius _with a patch or two on his Face_.
It lies as free for thee, and here’s my business.
‘Twas hereabouts--who’s this, _Pisaro_ wounded?
So will not his Majesty: I may be hang’d for’t.
And then my Honour by that flight’s o’erthrown.
--But come, ‘tis late, what you resolve conclude.
For Heaven’s sake, Sir, submit to be conceal’d.
To know where ‘twas you learn’d this Impudence?
But how, dear Creature, wert thou thus preserv’d?
| Yet nettled, Plague, what does the Scribler mean?
What Rhiming Fop have you been clubbing Wit withal?
No, he’s escap’d, but he has made sweet doings.
I am extremely pleas’d with these Habits, Cousin.
Let it suffice, I’m satisfy’d, my _Bellemante_.
The best use we can make of it, is to talk of Love.
He places     ‘em in a Row just at the Entrance_.
Come down, come down, thou false perfidious Wretch.
A Calash--Where?--I see only a Carter and his Cart.
Sir, ‘tis three a Clock, and Dinner will be cold.
There he is again with his damn’d hard Questions.
Came you, most reverend Bards, from the Moon World?
4to 1671 ‘Influences’ to the ruin of the metre.
It was Ketch who bungled the execution of Monmouth.
On the whole, things did not look very encouraging.
He was shocked by Silas Tripp’s want of humanity.
She looked up in surprise at her son’s companion.
“I don’t think I care much for life, he said.
You found the whisky here.  Ramsay made no reply.
I won’t get too much elated, for it may not last.
“I will go up to Mr. Conrad’s room, said Rob.
“Now, he said, “I had better do the ordering.
“I know of Prof. Hazlitt, though I never met him.
I think he’ll be able to go to work by Wednesday.
“Who’s that boy? he inquired, in a low voice.
You will find pencils and drawing paper before you.
It was easy to see that it was a boy’s apartment.
Chester decided to say nothing, but to be watchful.
“I hear you want to see me, he said to Mullins.
The city I represent is a smart one and no mistake.
What will you do?  “I have some money saved up.
With twenty-five dollars a week he would feel rich.
This question will be answered in the next chapter.
It was not often that Silas Tripp went to New York.
He saw that the bait was likely to prove effective.
“Oh, you mean the real estate office, she said.
He was getting on fast with the professor’s work.
“I will bear in mind what you say, he answered.
When did Mr. Fairchild return?  “This forenoon.
Make careful inquiries as to the value of property.
I don’t think a man of your age would deceive me.
“Of course I brought him here, growled Trimble.
Her father tended to a supercilious, sneering tone.
It was curiosity, deep, radical, burning curiosity.
“But where do you want to go? asked Miss Frost.
Miss Frost’s right hand beat like a wounded bird.
“Then we must think about it, she said, numbly.
But the new and recalcitrant Vina still shone hard.
“Thank you, said Alvina, and the girl departed.
But what did the woman, the sufferer, herself care!
Her day was not their day, their life was not hers.
What ought James Houghton to have done differently?
It requires a second party to come to an agreement.
He would never be a gentleman if he lived for ever.
For, of course, he had a sort of fame in Woodhouse.
But moved or touched?—not the least in the world.
He kept his customers chatting as long as he could.
It is more or less the story of thousands of girls.
Wherever he was, his wife was a hundred miles away.
And he found it a damn god-forsaken hell of a hole.
Getting on all right?  “Fair, said the woman.
When would he be able to get an advance from James?
I couldn’t think of it.  “Then name a figure.
He wrote various letters and drew up certain notes.
The shop isn’t worth while, said Miss Pinnegar.
It’s a mercy Miss Frost and your mother are dead.
Well, all I can say, I’m glad I am not concerned.
He was terribly secretive with respect to business.
I know we are.  Mr. May looked down in the mouth.
You couldn’t get excited about it: not as a rule.
The trams, moreover, would begin to run in January.
“These are my family of young men, said Madame.
Que ferez-vous, mes pauvres, sans votre Kishwégin.
Alvina hurried indoors, and the young man followed.
What a white-skinned, soft, plump child she seemed!
Alvina practised the music Madame carried with her.
“Yes, you’re wonderful, said Alvina, choking.
Yet she felt convinced of his ultimate good-nature.
They _were_ unreal, Madame and Ciccio and the rest.
Helpless, inert she lay, in her orgasm of laughter.
The Natcha-Kee-Tawaras all sat with straight faces.
Then what future have you? said Mr. May gloomily.
Ah, this Woodhouse, a curse is on it, I know it is.
It was so, and Geoffrey was philosophical about it.
Then he mounted and rode in the opposite direction.
You must never let them think you have caught them.
Still she smiled at him, and still he gave no sign.
But she could not make out what his watching meant.
She was the clue to all the action, was Kishwégin.
He was a little bit repellent and brutal, inverted.
She loved them so much, she wanted to be with them.
He could not interrupt Alvina, nor the performance.
“Father, she said, shaking his shoulder gently.
“Can you manage? cried Alvina, showing a light.
Mr. May came in, and stayed for a dismal half-hour.
“I should like him to come, said Alvina simply.
And if he will still have you, then you must think.
“You return to the funeral? said Madame coldly.
“Buy Miss Houghton out— said Madame shrewdly.
He was bad enough enemy to his own flesh and blood.
Everything he’s got’s mortgaged up to the hilt.
Alvina broke away from her cousin, and went to him.
“Tell me what _you_ think, she said repeatedly.
Madame looked up, almost annoyed, when she entered.
“And how is everything at Woodhouse? she asked.
So I collected all the money I could, and ran away.
And after all, Woodhouse wasn’t fifty miles away.
The young men had been out shopping for the supper.
Viale, it is Italian for the little way, the alley.
Yes? she added, with her subtle, malicious smile.
And so the tea-time passed, and the time after tea.
“Please don’t get up, she said to the others.
“I don’t want to stay here, anyhow, she said.
And a good many things are a bad job, besides that.
Pas pour moi!  And they went laughing downstairs.
But I’m afraid we shall have a rather _dry_ game?
“I shall sell out of the Endeavour.  “Really!
“And have you told Miss Pinnegar? said Mr. May.
Alvina looked at Ciccio, who stood above, watching.
And quickly she prepared breakfast and made a fire.
The men went out to attend to Geoffrey’s bicycle.
You might come to the lawyer’s with me, will you?
“You’ll be there at seven o’clock? he said.
“But you’re all right, yourself, Miss Pinnegar.
It’s all shown in my books, said Miss Pinnegar.
The cordiality, the _joie de vivre_ did not revive.
“To look at the papers and magazines.  “Ha-a!
She had wired to Madame, she had wired for her box.
Every one is most kind, and I feel at home already.
“Fower per cent., mimicked the doctor brutally.
And I know that those things cause me half my work.
“Oh yes, I intend to, he said, with confidence.
But wondering about the Natchas would not help her.
She knew that she would put off Dr. Mitchell again.
His face was blind with anger, like a hot, red sun.
And both of us, since we are now one, he replied.
“You know that.  She had to go to tea with him.
Next month, at the latest.  “Oh no, she said.
“My flesh isn’t concerned, and my mind isn’t.
“Oh, the flesh is a _beastly_ thing! she cried.
But she found Ciccio leaning against a gate-pillar.
It’s horrible—  “Well, it’s not my fault.
Come with me, Allaye.  She could not look at him.
The façade of a church rose from a small eminence.
In the rear was Giovanni, making noises at the ass.
Pancrazio went back over the stream with the light.
Ciccio watched her as she quickly brushed her hair.
Truly, she had to support the souls of the two men.
She was not in the village of Pescocalascio itself.
But her chest was raw, she felt weak and miserable.
Ciccio and Pancrazio and Alvina went quietly about.
Ciccio too was feasted, in the dark hole of a room.
The old crone said something unintelligible to her.
She sank on her knees on a sheaf of corn-marigolds.
She put down the spoon and looked up from the fire.
Don’t wait for me! he cried, his voice muffled.
At times other, honey scents wafted from the hills.
Version 1.0 may contain a dozen different versions.
Witness the above mentioned people and many others.
The Reestablishment of the Classical Tradition   2.
Allegorical Interpretations in the Middle Ages   2.
The unity of rhetoric is not dramatic, but logical.
Meter is a vice in an orator and should be shunned.
Isocrates and Xenophon adhere to the usual opinion.
Fortunate are the poets when they are not believed.
They write as if they were speaking to an audience.
of 1555 for the Percy Society (London, 1845), p. 2.
Stamboul is the only great city of which they know.
Paris is a term signifying the whole outside world.
Since then, it seemed, he had fallen into disfavor.
The choicest bits were now selected for the guests.
Sugar is rarely used in anything, and never in tea.
This was swallowed before the truth was discovered.
No, no, e’en make Peace for me, and your self too.
then I hope I am to see the Lady without Indentures.
Why, you know Mr. _Shatter_ has pawn’d the Horses.
I know y’are quick of Apprehension, Sir _Timothy_.
Who art thou, that thus fondly guard’st his Heart?
By all that’s Sacred, ‘tis a Word that kills me.
I’ll do’t; I will not ask your Reason, but obey.
Yet I shou’d be glad of your farther Acquaintance.
Sirrah, y’are a Rascal, whom I must thus chastise.
Here’s like to be a hopeful end of a noble Family.
What Man art thou thus cover’d o’er with Horror?
--Yes, yes, thou art my Rival, and I’ll kill thee.
Lord, Madam, you are as melancholy as a sick Parrot.
Lord, Lord, where are your Wits, good Father-in-Law?
And there’s need enough, and the truth were known.
Dear _Jacinta_, thou art the kindest Maid.--  _Jac_.
This Morning--Come, haste and dress me-- [_To_ Guz.]
How now, Fellow, where’s this old Don _Francisco_?
ah, the difference between him and a filthy Citizen!
Ay, ‘tis true all the little Fellows talk of Love.
Ay, that may be, but I understand every word on’t.
Oh, hold, rude man,--d’ye know whom you encounter?
We must e’en have patience, Madam, and be ravisht.
I’ll warrant you, Madam, if he looks with my Eyes.
And forsake my Virtue, and make nown Dear a Cuckold.
Like _Gorgon’s_ Head he’as turned me into Stone.
So, here’s a hopeful Account of my sweet self now.
--Hum--hark ye, _Charles_, do you know who I am now?
Forgive me--you went to a Black-Smith’s--  _Bred_.
I die but to imagine it, wou’d I were dead indeed.
Husband--marry come up, Husbands know Wives secrets?
They all dance about him, while those same two sing.
His Wedding-Night--there lies his Grief, poor Heart!
Perhaps she has cuckolded him already--    [_Aside_.
I may perhaps restore you to the Rest you’ve lost.
Oh--I’m glad ‘tis no worse--_Bellmour_, quoth a!
Embraces, in a Fiddlestick; why, are we not married?
Do you know this _Wasteall_, Sir?--    [_To_ Noisey.
I’d travel a hundred Mile to see a Ghost--  _Bel_.
And me, in breaking of his word with _Bredwel_--  L.
Hold, hold, dear _Ned_--that’s my part, I take it.
I’ve sworn, nor are the Stars more fix’d than I.
How’s this; Mr. _Gayman_, my Lady’s first Lover?
Leave thy simple fancies, and go about thy business.
The world was full on’t, and could he be ignorant?
How now, Boy, Is the Musick ready which I spoke for?
Why, what art thou darest tell me so i’th’ dark?
How cam’st thou, Friend, to hide all this from me?
Yes, by all means, I find my self inclin’d to’t.
She’s coming, Sir.--Where, where shall I hide him?
Then thou art a Poltroon, that’s to say, a Coward.
_Ha mon bon ami_.--Is not this better than duelling?
]_ I tell you, Sirrah, I heard the noise of Fiddles.
Lord, d’ye think I wou’d deceive your Reverence?
Are you a great Philosopher, and know not that, Sir?
Pox upon him, what Questions he asks--but I must on.
_While they seem in angry Dispute, enter_ Mopsophil.
Let me go, Sir, I am provok’d beyond measure, Sir.
_Enter_ Doctor, Elaria, Bellemante, _and_ Mopsophil.
Thus low I kneel, in thanks for this great Blessing.
I have added this Exit, unmarked in former editions.
I put this stage direction here, following 4to 1687.
4to 1687 gives an ‘[Aside’ to Gayman’s speech.
Not in 4to 1671.  p. 299, l. 30 _Madam, that grief_.
All editions save 4to 1671 read ‘in an undress’.
Only in 4tos 1687, 1688.  p. 417, l. 21 _A Chamber_.
The intrigues and counter-intrigues are innumerable.
an excellent physician.’    THE FORC’D MARRIAGE.
The traverse was merely a pair of curtains on a rod.
“I’ll go out and take a walk, mother, he said.
In twenty minutes he handed the paper to Mr. Conrad.
“Good-night, and good luck to you! said Chester.
“Where did you find him, Mr. Perkins? asked Rev.
The remaining space was left for the outside public.
He went up to the table where the broker was seated.
They walked over to Broadway, chatting as they went.
He held the card in his hand, and was looking at it.
As for me, I don’t have the appetite I do at home.
Did you enjoy the play, Felix?  “Yes, thank you.
I expect to live to see fifty thousand people there.
There is nothing to do but to carry out our program.
“Then it was not all put in one parcel? he said.
“Now you see how I am making my living, he said.
“Now, said Edward, “I must try to get a place.
I mean in a week or two to come home to pass Sunday.
The picture drawn by Mr. Floyd was too much for her.
It don’t take long for fifty dollars to melt away.
Every one wanted it, including the girls themselves.
But that peeled and quartered apple was her portion.
They stood outside and pointed, giggled, and jeered.
Then he flitted back at half-past twelve, to dinner.
She had to let James run the gamut of his creations.
The new entertainment was the Friday-night’s sale.
This was coming down in the world, with a vengeance.
In fact, all things considered, he was about square.
First the Board of Trade began to make difficulties.
Fordham being in some way connected with his mother.
There she had to go, right off, and help with cases.
There she had to attend lectures and demonstrations.
She had to confess that she liked the young doctors.
She bounced back into Woodhouse to make her fortune.
But Miss Frost sat by the dead in grief and despair.
Lottie Witham eyed the thin, nervous face of Alvina.
Her life was utterly barren now Miss Frost had gone.
And what she wanted was something serious and risky.
The shop was opened once a week, on Friday evenings.
“It may well take your breath away, said Alvina.
“You find it so, do you! returned Miss Pinnegar.
He could not bear the sudden acute hurt to his shin.
“It would be all the same if I did, said Alvina.
“It’s no more easy to understand, said Alvina.
It just kills them off or throws them disused aside.
He had been in America, out West, doing shows there.
How wonderfully the satin of his waistcoat had worn!
And the two men came to no agreement _that_ morning.
And the address, please?  “I dunno th’ street.
“I believe he has, said Miss Pinnegar pensively.
I like a little yellow turnip, said Miss Pinnegar.
But it’s so different with the mental friendships.
And _then_—she nearly set the stools on top of me.
“I can’t believe they want nothing but pictures.
For after all, she got a good deal of fun out of it.
Odd, eccentric people they were, these entertainers.
“I’ll run round for the doctor— said Alvina.
Best leave me.  “Let me help you, said Alvina.
“Won’t you all go downstairs now? said Alvina.
The prisoner is tripped up—falls, and cannot rise.
Thought it out, you mean?  “Thought it out, yes.
Her impulse was to turn and go away from the stable.
I _couldn’t_.  Madame nodded slowly up and down.
“Englishwomen, said Madame, “are so practical.
Suddenly Louis started and held up a warning finger.
“I begin to wonder if I have mistaken my vocation.
They want it all through the eye, and finished—so!
But Ciccio it put into unholy, ungovernable tempers.
“These Italians, said Louis, turning to Mr. May.
Geoffrey smiled sheepishly, and his colour deepened.
The young men were moving about making preparations.
The moccasin was a little too short—just a little.
“I’m awfully sorry you are going, said Alvina.
He brought them before.  “But I will carry them.
“Do you want? he said, as if waiting for orders.
Even Ciccio she regarded as only one of the Natchas.
She forgot the question in others that occupied her.
“I’m all right, he said, in a brittle fashion.
“Father’s ill! she announced to Miss Pinnegar.
Worn out! Madame said, nodding slowly up and down.
You are his property, when you marry by Italian law.
Madame turned to look at the unhappy, elderly woman.
And then she had the satisfaction of sizing them up.
Oh yes, why he fair seemed to totter down to Lumley.
Look, there’s room for Alvina’s name underneath.
Well, after all, it had been a home and a home life.
Won’t you ask Ciccio to drive with you in the cab?
Quickly she put forward her hand to protect herself.
She entered, and he followed, flashing on the light.
And she turned her face to the wall, feeling beaten.
She really expected him now to come to speak to her.
“Can’t I do anything else for you?  “For me?
Madame gave Alvina a fine awl and some waxed thread.
But run, run!  And Madame really stamped her foot.
“I have my key and can see quite well, she said.
But obstinately he lounged into the street with her.
Within a hair’s-breadth she had let him disappear.
“Can I come to Woodhouse?  “When?  “Today.
Helplessly she put her hand across the table to him.
So she had to be knocked up, for she was lying down.
He spread his hands, deprecating, not understanding.
“Yes—eh? His eyes gleamed on her for a moment.
It drove him to make a show of himself to the world.
Geoffrey arrived, his broad face hot and perspiring.
Isn’t that your opinion?  The other men laughed.
What, isn’t it so?  “Of course, said Alvina.
Ciccio stood with his hands on the table, listening.
I’ve made breakfast for years, now, said Alvina.
At ten o’clock she was to go to the family lawyer.
Well—it might have been worse.  Again he waited.
They had regard for her possibilities as an heiress.
“I’m going to keep the insurance money, any way.
Never had Ciccio’s brow looked so ominously black.
And then—the unknown vengeance of the authorities.
And Alvina came in with the rest: she paid no board.
“Why are you going to the library? he asked her.
She could be quite happy by herself among the lakes.
I’d rather have him than your smarmy slormin sort.
Dr. Mitchell pointed to the green pile of cucumbers.
“May I come in? His voice sounded almost flirty.
“What do you think of this new war? said Alvina.
She was very much excited, very much excited indeed.
There was nothing at all against it: nothing at all.
Who was this elderly man, that she should marry him?
Certainly her shoulder hurt where he had gripped it.
And they met the matron just coming out of the ward.
And he drew up a plan of a wedding tour in Scotland.
They did not meet a great deal outside the hospital.
“Do play again! Mrs. Tuke called into the night.
“Put me down, Ciccio.  “Come with me to Italy.
“Do ask him to come up for a minute, Effie said.
Mrs. Tuke had a baby daughter, and was getting well.
She wondered if he had a right to be angry with her.
You don’t want to marry a man you can’t talk to.
“I haven’t brought him, he said, watching her.
Dark and insidious he was: he had no regard for her.
Ciccio really was much handsomer since his marriage.
She quivered, as if it was more than she could bear.
The sea heaved with a sucking noise inside the dock.
Then came the first cry one ever hears: “_Porteur!
They expected Pancrazio to meet them at the station.
Words of American sounded among the Italian dialect.
Ciccio picked up the bread and put it under his arm.
But he won’t go except where he thinks he will go.
“I told them to make a fire and prepare the house.
He seemed to do everything, old, stooping as he was.
They were all very kind to her, as far as they knew.
They all tried it once, but they would not go again.
Approaching it were rows of low cabins—fairly new.
She went inside, and was almost sick with repulsion.
She sank lower on the flowers, and her head dropped.
She would do anything rather than be really crushed.
And it revealed itself in his fear of his dead wife.
Thus the literature of the silver-age is rhetorical.
Poetry cannot lie because it never pretends to fact.
His reason for favoring the third view is important.
For him allegory involved distortion and perversion.
The poet presents truth under the guise of allegory.
The instrument of poetry was the rhetorical example.
If either are taken literally, they will seem false.
It truly makes a world nearer to our heart's desire.
_De inventione dialectica_ (Paris, 1535), II, 2. cf.
by G. Mari, Romanische Forschungen (1902) XIII, 894.
We were alone, however, and that was rest in itself.
This tenting was all of a dark brown or black color.
Explanations were made, and the camels soon quieted.
For this, however, there is a very plausible excuse.
All these movements we photographed with our camera.
But, nothing daunted, they would pass round the hat.
“Will you run for any political office in America?
Again--tell me, what answer, Rascal, did she send me?
Come hither, Boy-- And said the Lady nothing to thee?
--Why, since you could not love me, did you marry me?
No, but that thou should’st hide it all this while.
Doubtless her Reasons must be great for this Request.
You get no earnest of me, Sir, and so farewel to you.
I credit thee--yet--then, by Heav’n, she’s false!
_Changes to the Inside of_ Friendlove’s _Lodgings_.
he repents his Cruelty to her, And never mentions me!
I am sorry you should suspect my Daughter’s Virtue.
Say you so, then ‘tis time for me to look about me.
She’s evidently design’d for a Person of Quality.
Dear _Julia_, let’s retire, our time’s but short.
what clod of Earth cou’d bring forth such a Beauty?
Heavens, shall I be defeated by this little Creature?
Go, and be satisfied, I’ll die before I’ll yield.
that she shou’d have no more Grace before her Eyes.
Only to consummate a little, pray keep your distance.
_Enter_ Guzman, _as himself, gives_ Carlos _Letters_.
Bless me, Sir, are you taken by the Great _Turk_ too?
_Enter_ Bellmour _disguis’d in a travelling Habit_.
_Enter_ Phillis _in the Balcony, throws ‘em Money_.
Oh thou false Friend, thou treacherous base Deceiver!
Why, thy Cuckold that shall be, if thou be’st wise.
Hang’d, Sir, hang’d--at the _Hague_ in _Holland_.
Sure, there can be nothing worth a Man’s Curiosity?
That was the Wonder, Sir, because ‘twas impossible.
I scorn your Words, Sir--is this a place to trust in?
that’s a good one, i’faith: shall you rule, or I?
The Devil, I think, for he has a strange Countenance.
_Enter_ Old Woman _followed by_ Gayman _in the dark_.
_Enter Sir_ Cautious _and_ Dick _his Boy with Light_.
Blow the great Horn, _Dick_--Thieves--Murder, Murder!
How strangely he stares and gapes--some deep concern.
Stay, Madam, stay--’tis I, a poor trembling Mortal.
My Gentlewoman--she’s monstrous kind of the sudden.
I only say--he wou’d not have been so unkind to me.
_Enter Sir_ Cautious, Bearjest, Noisey _and_ Bredwel.
Yes, Madam, I shall tell him--      _Enter _Bellmour.
But I shall improve ‘em, Madam, I’ll warrant you.
Oh--why do I shake?--sure I’m a Man, what art thou?
So, the Fools are going, and now to _Julia’s_ Arms.
Unhand me, false Deceiver--let me loose--  Sir _Cau_.
--What, make me a base Prostitute, a foul Adulteress?
This is strange!--bring them up--    [_Exit Servant_.
What bleeding Wound?--Heavens, are you frantick, Sir?
_Alcippus_, with her Father’s leave, she’s thine.
Can he preserve himself i’th’ heat of the Battle?
Upon my knees I beg to be obey’d,    [_She kneels_.
I never thought thou’dst had this Softness in thee.
But must you needs do this, needs fight, _Cleontius_?
You seem’d then to be pleas’d with what she said.
This was a happy mistake, Now I may pass with safety.
--_Falatius_ too, afrighted even to death--  _Alcan_.
It was, however, a dead failure and only acted twice.
How can this be done without my Father’s Knowledge?
Come, come, let’s in, and answer their Billet-Doux.
Set down the Telescope.--Let me see, what Hour is it?
Were you but once admitted to that Society--  _Doct_.
What was that?--a Table, there I may obscure my self.
Come, let us not lose time, since we are all Friends.
Ah yes, he, hang him, Fool, he takes you for a Saint.
The_ Officer _looks on him,     and stops him again_.
No matter which, so a Lover that welcomest Man alive.
--How long have you commenc’d Apothecary, Seignior?
_Scar_.--That he’s the greatest Impostor in Nature.
The Exhalations of the Sun draw you to the Moon, Sir?
The Gallery richly adorn’d with Scenes and Lights_.
4to and 1724 ‘Scene II.’  p. 264, l. 21 _attend_.
1724 inserts it after the Song, which is not so well.
P. 275, l. 24 _Enter Leticia, Bellmour, and Phillis_.
_The False Count_, Act ii, II (p. 129), note, p. 481.
There are innumerable contemporary references to him.
There is more than one reference to them in Molière.
I might do something with them.  “Thank you, sir.
“Three hundred and fifty dollars! she ejaculated.
“You look strong and healthy, observed Mrs. Rand.
It was some minutes after ten when he left the house.
Now the opportunity had come, but could he accept it?
I am glad to see you and hope you will like the city.
He felt that it was important for him to do his best.
She was the nurse, who had constant charge of Ernest.
“No, I want to stay with him, indicating Chester.
You only wanted to get rid of the kid.  “Exactly.
“I always did like Western people.  “Thank you.
“Yes, sir.  “I can tell you something about it.
“I think he is pretty well off, answered Chester.
It would make it easier for him to discharge Chester.
I don’t care for the age of any of my contributors.
“I guess I’ll go and see Chester Rand, he said.
So he got up a false charge against me of dishonesty.
It may have fallen into the hands of your stepfather.
“It may be because she doesn’t know your address.
I am an old friend, and have a right to remember you.
“I have found a place for you, he said, brightly.
About this period he received a letter from Wyncombe.
When do you want to start?  “As soon as possible.
You may take the wrong cars.  Again Chester smiled.
Abner Trimble turned pale and uttered an imprecation.
Houghton’s Great Bargain Events were really events.
After some years of hanging on, he let go splendidly.
As James went further into life, he became a dreamer.
She had fully decided never to leave her two charges.
“She’s a lady if ever there was one, they said.
The people did not like her, yet she influenced them.
And yet he felt Klondyke as the greatest blow of all.
But it was Throttle-Ha’penny that made him tremble.
Perhaps her father’s beautiful prayers put her off.
The sardonic quality was, however, quite in abeyance.
For some days she went about happily, in pure relief.
I simply can’t bear it, and there’s an end of it.
It was so characteristic, that Alvina almost laughed.
She believed that Alvina was just speaking at random.
She put it down on the drab-painted chest of drawers.
But her backbone became only the stronger and firmer.
But she never for one moment reflected on the advice.
Manchester House had settled down on her like a doom.
And so it was during these months nursing her mother.
The thick-wicked tallow candles guttered and smelled.
Become a nameless nobody, occupying obscure premises?
Miss Pinnegar watched him with a sort of sullen fury.
“Oh well, so be it, said her spirit vindictively.
“Good morning, Miss Houghton, said Arthur Witham.
“I’ll see, she answered, and she left the shop.
I wouldn’t sleep in _that_ for a trifle, by myself!
Arthur was short and dark-haired and nicely coloured.
“It is bad, he said furious because of the shock.
She got his handkerchief and wiped her fingers on it.
“It’s got to be done, Sunday tomorrow, he said.
Look here! She showed the bloodstains on her dress.
There was something aggressive and vulgar about them.
There have been enough stories about ordinary people.
“I missed a chance there, said James, fluttering.
Very interesting I find it—very interesting indeed.
“One! he said officially, pushing out the ticket.
Time came, and the colliers began to drum their feet.
“I don’t believe they like the turns, she said.
She was getting so tired of Mr. May’s quiet prance.
She was supposed to be “carrying on with Mr. May.
Queer cuts these!—but just a little bit beyond her.
Usually she spoke in French only, with her young men.
She spoke an appropriate good-night, to each of them.
He still shook dissent, but opened his mouth at last.
Then he straightened himself again, and turned aside.
He perked up his head in an odd, parrot-like fashion.
In the dressing-room, the dividing-curtain was drawn.
It was his instinct to say at once he would take her.
“You’ve seen nothing—nothing, he said to her.
You don’t know anything by looking at these people.
That is very nice also.  “Yes, replied Mr. May.
“But why is it? said Mr. May, angry and petulant.
Thud went the boards again, with the spring of a man.
Too much, too much of an animal, too little _esprit_.
Max, thou dost not want to part, brother, well-loved?
And if thou can’st find him, bring him again to us.
He knew Ciccio was dissatisfied, and wanted a change.
Again the two women waited wearily at the street-end.
Neither faith nor feeling, neither faith nor feeling.
His skin was delicately tawny, and slightly lustrous.
“But I don’t like to take _these_, said Alvina.
Miss Pinnegar came down, red eyed and sullen looking.
It was far more like pain, like agony, than like joy.
Alvina felt a burning inside her, thinking of Ciccio.
He will go out to somewhere.  Alvina looked at him.
Or he will draw you down, down—Yes, one or another.
But these others, how alien and uncouth he felt them.
Offers of charity were innumerable—for three weeks.
So much money is certain, perhaps there will be more.
Ciccio was on Alvina’s right hand: a delicate hint.
And she half expected Ciccio to come to speak to her.
“Now what you want you must ask me for, she said.
“Do have it since you like it.  “Oh, I can’t!
However, there was time for her to retrace her steps.
“Really, eh? he said, holding out his large hand.
Alvina strolled away towards the half-open bookstall.
Alvina went to her and laid her hand on her shoulder.
“Fine piano—eh? he said, looking into her face.
“I don’t mind, really, if I can live, she said.
You haven’t a small travelling case, Miss Houghton?
I love thee as a brother, my Ciccio, as thou knowest.
Then she washed up, removing all traces of the feast.
Mrs. Rollings would not appear till later in the day.
You will be here a few days?  “No, said Alvina.
May I ask where your company is performing this week?
Mercifully, for the mere moment, she was independent.
“You’ve heard? said Miss Pinnegar dramatically.
“That’s ’appen for them as doesn’t like them.
This was another matter, apart from her Dr. Mitchell.
The matron softly closed the door again, withdrawing.
And then you need be surprised at nothing, _nothing_.
And into the bargain she was a personality, a person.
Apart from Dr. Mitchell she had a magic potentiality.
Yes do! Mrs. Tuke’s eyes were arched and excited.
Why shouldn’t one human being go away from another?
“We’ll give him a glass of Tommy’s famous port.
You should have faith in life.  “But I hate life.
It was such a long time since she had thought of him.
You come with me.  “Ha! she sniffed scornfully.
She quivered when he moved as if she were his shadow.
She caught Ciccio’s arm, as the boat rolled gently.
But clouds and veils were already weaving in the sky.
Adieu! cried Gigi, clutching the other man’s arm.
It had been dark a long time when they reached Turin.
Ciccio told her what they meant, and how to say them.
But it isn’t the place for young people to live in.
“Don’t you think it’s fun? she said, smiling.
The soul itself needs its own mysterious nourishment.
“I believe I’m going to have a child, she said.
There was nothing for her but to yield, yield, yield.
It all seemed alien to her, bruising upon the spirit.
But it was a fear of the elements rather than of man.
Her men were not at all anxious to teach her Italian.
It was a sort of worship, almost a degradation again.
A shiver of horror and death went through the valley.
If our own merchants are safe they shall be safe too.
He hath bene knowne by his coate this thirtie Winter.
For they both invent,   fame, and devise many things.
But his ideas are based upon a very different theory.
Though less picturesque, it was incomparably grander.
The assembled rabble raised a lusty cheer at parting.
The seat of honor is always the one next to the wall.
Do you expect to get back all or more than you spent?
Come, follow me then, and you shall be both pleas’d.
A dainty Boy--there’s Money for to buy thee Nickers.
‘Tis true, and I have now felt the Extremes of both.
Thou art mistaken, I hate all Woman-kind--  Sir _Tim_.
_Enter_ Flauntit, Driver, Doll _and_ Jenny _mask’d_.
Sham, _and_ Sharp _sneak behind_; Trusty _interposes_.
No, I need not, you sink mine fast enough, I thank ye.
Sir, I think we were best to marry her out of the way.
Sir, ‘twas Parson _Tickletext_ that marry’d ‘em.
How fain she’d have me gone now; ah, subtle Serpent!
Lord, and you be so froward, I’ll be gone.--  _Car_.
--Old Fellow,--prithee what Person of Quality is that?
Oh, dear Captain, let us tack about and go home again.
Slaves, no Sir, we’re Slaves to none but the Ladies.
A good Cudgelling, an’t please your Illustriousness.
Why, you’re a _Mahometan_ Bitch, and you go to that.
Come hither, Slave,--why, was it that I gave you Life?
Why, what a Pox, is not this the Great _Turk_ himself?
This is the Course you’d have me steer, I thank you.
What a leud Description hast thou made of his Chamber?
Oh, ‘tis too late for business--let to morrow serve.
I grant it, Sir--but to the business, Sir, I came for.
Bredwel _sees them,     and puts_ Gayman_ back again_.
And Sir _Feeble_, the Devil’s in’t if he know him.
Ay, but he could never do it fairly, that’s certain.
You’ve both offended Heaven, and must repent or die.
Nay, and she be thereabouts, there’s no discovering.
_Enter_ Alcippus _and_ Erminia, _as in a Bed-Chamber_.
To question what you list, and answer what you please?
No more, Is this your duty to your Prince, _Alcander_?
Hold, dear _Cleontius_, hold, and I’ll do any thing.
No, give me your hand, and prove mine flesh and blood.
The farce was repeated on 25 October of the same year.
I am of that opinion, Sir; Man was not made for Woman.
But have you never serv’d Countesses and Dutchesses?
She’s taking aim, she cannot chuse but like me best.
Hold, hold, I’ll confess all, rather than indure it.
I have brought you off, manage him as well as you can.
The Emperor, Sir, salutes you, and your fair Daughter.
Sir, are there store of our World inhabiting the Moon?
1724 ‘Exeunt severally.’  p. 120, l. 30 Scene II_.
p. 121, l. 34 _Page holding his lanthorn to his face_.
1724 misprints ‘Ladies’,  p. 248, l. 31 _amended_.
This is only found in 4to 1671.  p. 353, l. 21 _Knew_.
It is supplied by Act ii, II, and again in this scene.
The walk soon became a popular and fashionable resort.
Whimms, Maggots and such like.’  p. 222 _jiggiting_.
A striking example is Act ii, _The Forc’d Marriage_.
In any case Scene I must have been acted well forward.
Bas blancs, Souilers de peau blanche à rubans rouges.
“When one business suspends it affects all the rest.
“You asked me where you could find a bed, he said.
He has no money.  “No, I ain’t, snarled Silas.
If your bequest amounts to anything I will not object.
“Did my nephew leave any money? he asked, sharply.
“Twenty minutes.  “And you received ten dollars.
Chester felt that it was necessary to be on his guard.
Mullins—been in this office?  “About five years.
A piece of paper on the floor attracted his attention.
“You did not forget your appointment.  “No, sir.
“That is my poor, little cousin, explained Arthur.
He seemed to fall in love with Chester at first sight.
Well, I thought as you did, that it was of little use.
If Dick Ralston and others could be lucky, why not he?
There were reasons why the gambler decided to go slow.
Mullins sat on a stool at the desk, picking his teeth.
Then a customer came in, who had to receive attention.
He saw that Felix thought him to be out of employment.
“Assuredly, my dear sir, said Gripp, with suavity.
Felix Gordon was just leaving the office on an errand.
“Is that Mr. Fairchild’s office? inquired Silas.
“Was this package given you at the bank? he asked.
“Did Mr. Mullins say where he was going? he asked.
I got only five dollars a week, and my room costs two.
“Don’t you remember me, Mr. Wilson? said Edward.
“Will your son be able to pay this? asked Chester.
“I had a few dollars saved, and went to Minneapolis.
He was in a very awkward position, and he realized it.
But like a butterfly James fluttered over his fabrics.
A few Fridays later he came out with his Winter Touch.
Ten villages stared and crushed round the plate glass.
Again the good dame was thoroughly lower middle-class.
James hovered round and said the last word, of course.
He trembled in all his limbs, at the touch of success.
The man was always running in when Miss Frost was out.
He bought her a ring, an emerald set in tiny diamonds.
There’s a great risk in going so far—a great risk.
The food was objectionable—yet Alvina got fat on it.
It is but one side of the medal—the crowned reverse.
Now Alvina decided to accept the decision of her fate.
Alvina threw herself down on the seat of her carriage.
She had never to be off her guard for a single minute.
Our wives pine because we are virtuous but inadequate.
And Manchester House saw little of her, comparatively.
“Nonsense, child! expostulated Mrs. Lawson gently.
Will you explain why! retorted James, turtling also.
“And father has no money, I’m sure, said Alvina.
It was a rare and bold stroke on Mrs. Witham’s part.
He never conceived any connection with her whatsoever.
There was one who was climbing out, to be a gentleman.
The poor thing was all the time swimming for her life.
“Are they for me? she said, with false brightness.
I believe he’s a despicable character, said James.
You ought not to want all your children to feel alike.
Miss Pinnegar eyed him with approval when she came in.
After this she really did what she could to avoid him.
“The bone isn’t broken, she said professionally.
Then of her own kerchief she made a pad for the wound.
But she could not sew—and she could not settle down.
But all the time, what was there actually in her life?
She worked herself into quite a fever of anticipation.
Now so far, the story of Alvina is commonplace enough.
So again he walked down to Lumley to post his letters.
Whilst Mr. May abstractedly fingered his black knight.
But James was in one of his abstractions, his trances.
He looked up bewildered, as one startled out of sleep.
And in a while she began to eat, as if she were alone.
Not another word about the cinema: not another breath.
As soon as James had eaten his plum tart, he ran away.
Which is all I have to say, announced Miss Pinnegar.
After all, your father’s affairs don’t concern me.
But the audience, vulgar as ever, cannot quite see it.
“Goodness! she cried, handing it to Miss Pinnegar.
Physically he was not there: he was oddly an absentee.
The Endeavour was successful—yes, it was successful.
The four young men were four nice civil young fellows.
“I’ll go to bed, said Madame, obediently rising.
Ach, oh jeh, oh jeh!  “Ach nein, Madame, ach nein.
“Good-night, my faithful Max, I trust myself to you.
Come, they are not good for you, the people, I see it.
It is too dre-eadful, too dre-eadful! wailed Madame.
What does Madame _do_? she asked a little jealously.
But certainly he was stupid, in her sense of the word.
He was extraordinarily velvety and alive on horseback.
Mr. May glanced quickly round, and advanced to Madame.
They took off his waistcoat and pushed back his shirt.
“If the bone isn’t broken! said Louis anxiously.
Please!  “What? said Madame, eyeing her closely.
“Yes, he re-echoed, almost mocking in his triumph.
She answered their questions simply, but did not talk.
She did not know where it came from, she felt so cold.
“Oh yes! she whispered, with a contemptuous mouth.
“But you can’t help it, away there from everybody.
It is all of it true, whispered Madame vindictively.
When he got into the hall he laid his hand on his hat.
“This is polite behaviour! she said sarcastically.
But I’ve been here many years, said Miss Pinnegar.
And she’s got no relations to go to either, has she?
Poor Miss Pinnegar, that was all life had offered her.
But she supposed Italian words were a good deal alike.
I shall see. Till one and all became angry with her.
“At the station! exclaimed Madame, smiling grimly.
It was my great-grandmother’s.  “Do you mean it?
Alvina smiled a little wanly, wondering where she was.
After all, she had been bred up differently from that.
“I’ve had ham and eggs before.  “You do, hein?
She clung to Ciccio’s dark, despised foreign nature.
“We must have supper.  It was past nine o’clock.
Ciccio and Geoffrey watched him with dark-seeing eyes.
Upon my word!  “I don’t think so, said Alvina.
“Good-morning! she said, and went on with her tea.
“But you can have love without marriage, she said.
She fought against her own desire to fall at his feet.
There, across a little hollow, rose the cemetery hill.
She ought to take the twelve-forty train to Mansfield.
She knew she would be much cheaper in Madame’s eyes.
“You tell Atterwell what to put on father’s stone.
It must have been a detective—some shoddy detective.
She insisted on Miss Pinnegar’s having half of this.
Isn’t it so?  “Perhaps it is, admitted Alvina.
Gradually Dr. Mitchell’s manner changed towards her.
As they drove he saw a man with a barrow of cucumbers.
“I didn’t intend to disturb you, nurse, he said.
But habit, so far, prevented his doing more than beam.
“I think to Windermere—into the Lakes, she said.
The doctor dragged her up even to the slanting attics.
“I quite understand that, he replied deliberately.
Fancy reposing against his broad, navy blue waistcoat!
When she was at the station she saw crowds and bustle.
“Don’t play a game with me, he said dangerously.
But do take him the roses, and see what he looks like.
“Shall you come with me to Italy, Allaye?  “Yes.
So Alvina sat on the cliffs in a mood of exasperation.
A faint smile, very beautiful to her, was on his face.
There were quarries near the railway, and men working.
The road wound and swirled, trying to get up the pass.
“Come in, and warm yourself, said the young woman.
It was freezing, the mountain high-road was congealed.
And then softly he blew a red-hot fire for the coffee.
There was one cup, one enamelled mug, one little bowl.
It shocked her almost as if she had fallen into water.
She shuddered, and became semi-conscious with fatigue.
But fowls, geese, and the ass had made an end of this.
She could not sit in her bedroom, for it was too cold.
“Would you?  He slowly shook his head: indefinite.
“How nice they are! said Alvina when she had left.
He was thin, and very shabby, and rather out of shape.
She only had his passive self, and his family passion.
She took a handful of the sappy, shut, striped flames.
He was a dandy with pale grey eyes and a heavy figure.
The Classical Conception of the Purpose of Poetry   1.
The essence of poetry he ignores or takes for granted.
Swear by the ashes of your father, which lie unburied.
This was the rhetoric which the middle ages inherited.
To them rhetoric was synonymous with stylistic beauty.
orat._, VIII, x; Dionysius of Halicarnassus, _De comp.
They took after us at full speed, but it was too late.
But this was only one turn of nature’s kaleidoscope.
Fifty thousand cattle were destroyed at the same time.
Those on the outside pushed the inner ones against us.
We could do nothing but look at each other in silence.
Prithee, good Matron, Peace; I’ll compound with thee.
Look ye here, _Frank_; Is this a Lady to be dislik’d?
What hast thou there--a Letter to the Divine _Celinda_?
A Man, a Gentleman--and more, a Knight too, by Fortune.
I do not wonder thou canst lye, for thou’rt a Coward!
--Farewel, Sir-- May you be happy in the Maid you love.
He seems a Gentleman--handsome and young--    [_Aside_.
Oh, there’s my Grief-- Since you must be another’s.
Not all, Sir; for _Sham_ and I have dispos’d of part.
The best time in the World, my Lord’s out of the way.
Thou should’st be _Friendlove_, Brother to _Celinda_.
A Trifle, hardly worth the naming, your self.--  _Ant_.
Julia, _he stands just in the door_, Carlos _advances_.
Dost think she’ll e’er consent to quit her Husband?
Ha, ha, ha, I can’t forbear with the thoughts on’t.
Ah, my Lord, name it not, I’m this day to be married.
They turn’d and frown’d,--thus,--I drew.--  _Fran_.
Is it the fashion, Sir, to be attended by Pages so big?
And nothing, but being fuddled, will redeem her Credit.
My Lord, let us not tamely fall, there’s danger near.
I love you, fair one, and design to make you--  _Fran_.
nothing, nothing, but the Palsy shook my Lips a little.
For love of my Wife, and’t please your Barbarousness.
But see, they’re coming forth, now stand your ground.
The Gentleman a dying, and to go out of Town to morrow?
This Watch!--why, prithee, why dost tell me of a Watch?
The Devil I do--this is a damn’d Preparation to Love.
Sometimes he begs for a lame Soldier with a wooden Leg.
I am the wrong’d, the lost and murder’d _Bellmour_.
Ay, ay, she’s well enough pleas’d, I fear, for all.
Go to, y’are wicked; But I will have them in my Face.
You’ve lost your sleep, which puts you out of humour.
Has he so reconcil’d you to him since I saw you last?
Yes, Madam, Too soon arriv’d for his and your repose.
_Enter_ Alcander, _kneels, offers his Sword to_ Aminta.
Do you think I take these things to be your Father’s?
Stand off, by all that’s good, I’ll kill thee else.
--Hark, some body knocks, you’d best retire a little.
That’s according as you behav’d yourself, _Aminta_.
Ay, Sir, the Emperor’s in love with some fair Mortal.
So she’s considering still, I shall be the happy Dog.
--Know her, Sir,--Why--you were walking abroad one day.
what Palace is this?--No part of our House, I’m sure.
The Emperor pronounces you are Victor.--    [_To_ Scar.
1724 ‘Grief.’  p. 41, l. 9 _something of disorder_.
I have numbered this scene,  p. 263, l. 14 _Scene III_.
1724 ‘intend.’  p. 265, l. 31 _Soft Musick ceases_.
1724 omits ‘The Last.’  p. 454, l. 3 _the Emperor_.
Matthew_ v, 33-7, which they feigned exactly to follow.
‘Yea and Nay,’ gentlemen;     A much-converted man.
que diable, que diable aller faire en cette galère?...
On 11 October, 1660, Burt acted Othello at the Cockpit.
It is depicted by Hogarth, _Industry and Idleness_, No.
The operations of an army in the field during a season.
All the grooves were in use for the scenes already set.
Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
“To-morrow is New Year’s Day.  “What if ’tis?
But ain’t you working up at the store?  “Not now.
Mr. Tripp cut down my wages, and I left.  “Do tell.
“Good-evening, Mr. Tripp, said Mrs. Rand, politely.
“From Chicago, ma’am.  “Were you at work there?
“Glad to see you, widder, said Silas Tripp, grimly.
Everything was new to him, and, of course, interesting.
“Do you always eat here, Mr. Conrad? asked Chester.
“No; sometimes it is more convenient to go elsewhere.
Good morning, ma’am.  And Felix hurried downstairs.
Mr. Fairchild may suspect something if I move too soon.
“I am afraid Ernest annoys you, said the professor.
Must you have me risk prison?  “Don’t be alarmed!
I only want you to borrow two or three hundred dollars.
Finally his forefinger stopped at an entry on the book.
“I am ever so much obliged, said Felix, effusively.
“Will my being a boy make any difference? he asked.
I am Guy Radcliff.  “Glad to see you, Mr. Radcliff.
The last time I was in the city it cost me forty cents.
“I am sorry to say it.  “But what was the matter?
Mr. Sharpleigh entered and fixed his glance on Ralston.
What can he be doing in New York?     CHAPTER XXXIII.
A boy like him! ejaculated the Oregonian in surprise.
The conductor came through the car, collecting tickets.
“You are indeed a friend to me who am but a stranger.
At length a mutually satisfactory arrangement was made.
Won’t you step in for a few minutes?  “Thank you.
Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
She carried it over her arm down to the Miners’ Arms.
The poor invalid heard every clack and every vibration.
Mrs. Houghton, Miss Frost, and Alvina did not like her.
Everybody he met he stopped, to talk Connection Meadow.
In Vina it came out in mad bursts of hilarious jeering.
Over Alexander’s letter Miss Frost shed bitter tears.
It seemed such a repulsive and indelicate step to take.
There was a great bustle, preparing her nursing outfit.
For in her latter half she had to visit the slum cases.
It cost a great struggle to be hard and callous enough.
And yet—and yet—it was a right which was fulfilled.
And there was an abundance of Throttle-Ha’penny coal.
Wherein lies every moral that mankind can wish to draw.
Sorrow and a slow death, because a man had married her.
Iridescent golden—could anything be more fascinating!
With Miss Frost its spirit passed away: it was no more.
“Good morning, Mr. Witham, replied Alvina brightly.
She felt as if she were really venturing on new ground.
Arthur lingered in the doorway a while, then went away.
He had accumulated some money, to add to his patrimony.
She questioned him about his plans, and about the Cape.
Look here— And he began to pull up his trouser leg.
But Alvina had given the candle to Calladine, and fled.
For months, the thought of Albert was a torment to her.
Once she could plunge through the wall of the aquarium!
“We never can understand those things, said Alvina.
I can see nothing wrong with him, said Miss Pinnegar.
Yet it was always packed with colliers and work-lasses.
He had decided he must make a percentage in other ways.
Alvina took up her fork and began to eat automatically.
It nearly killed James to take the prices they offered.
Madame and the four young men had arrived at about six.
It’s his business to go.  “Oh! returned Alvina.
“I’m afraid your cold is rather bad, said Alvina.
“Manca il cuore solamente al Ciccio, moaned Madame.
Afterwards he was to carry up the horse-hair arm-chair.
My poor _braves_, what will they do without Kishwégin?
The two tall Swiss looked down on him, faintly smiling.
He glanced round at Alvina, then went on with his work.
“We like her—we love her—as if she were a mother.
From the head I am business-woman, good business-woman.
“Alors! said Madame, cutting through this futility.
“Dost thou want to go with him? she asked suddenly.
Tell him that.  Geoffrey turned again into the house.
He looked at her sideways, furtively, but persistently.
And then her stealthy sympathy with the white prisoner!
But I won’t stay a minute.  “Oh, it is all right.
“You get dressed, Ciccio.  Ciccio looked at Alvina.
“Do you think I shall ever see you again? she said.
The rehearsal on the Monday morning bored her terribly.
She was just in time to open the door as Ciccio tapped.
He will not trouble you.  Ciccio looked up at Alvina.
But if you have decided—  Neither of them answered.
“Miss Houghton herself must decide.  “Oh sure—!
It won’t be much, then?  “Really, I don’t know.
Can you remember she went with Albert Witham for a bit.
“Madame is going to drive to the station, she said.
“So, we go together in the cab, said Madame to him.
And in her dress she pinned a valuable old ruby brooch.
But she knew it was something improper, on her account.
Yet all the time, his lustrous dark beauty, unbearable.
And hence the Tawaras saved less money than they might.
Even Madame was a little afraid of Alvina this evening.
He lifted his face to her, and shook his head slightly.
Why— he rolled his eyes and proceeded to calculate.
“How do you do? and she thrust out her hand to him.
I mean them.  Miss Pinnegar stood blank and helpless.
You need to be looked after.  “Do I, Miss Pinnegar!
Look, my boy, love needs no havings, but marriage does.
Comment allez-vous, alors?  “Bien! said Geoffrey.
“But I might be afraid of a husband-bear, she said.
“Yes, they both slept in the end room, said Alvina.
I don’t think so.  “But even then, said Alvina.
When Alvina came down, she returned to the living room.
“Give this letter to Madame, Alvina said to Ciccio.
Madame did not consider Alvina’s view very seriously.
And cucumbers are poison to everybody.  “_Cum-bers!
“Men are always intruders, he smiled to the matron.
He could put a nasty intonation into that monosyllable.
“Come, he said, beckoning for her to give her hand.
“You will take my ring.  “Yes, she said coldly.
There was a slight flavour of art and literature about.
There was a certain freemasonry in the matron’s room.
The Tukes were not very rich—the young ones, that is.
I don’t carry bags because my heart is rather groggy.
She would commit herself to him through every eternity.
They ran through Bromley and out into the open country.
For there behind, behind all the sunshine, was England.
She sat very still for a long time, almost an eternity.
The ship slowly put about, and backed into the harbour.
Some one came out of a lighted doorway in the darkness.
There was a sound of a rushing river, glacial-sounding.
He had put down the bread and valise on a wooden chest.
“We will sit here, as I do, to eat, said Pancrazio.
Pancrazio was very happy if Alvina would accompany him.
Pancrazio went in and out, back and forth from his pot.
In the distance, Ossona hung at the edge of a platform.
Let him go to the piazza or to the wine-shop, and talk.
Alvina meanwhile would sew for the child, or spin wool.
Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
English Renaissance Ideas of the Purpose of Poetry   1.
The subject of the second section is the Roman theatre.
Thus he says it has two parts: exposition and argument.
This restriction of style to figures is characteristic.
Poetry to them is composed of subject-matter and style.
As a result Virgil might be either an orator or a poet.
Young men should be taught to use poetry intelligently.
His interest in poetry seems to be confined to prosody.
orat._ II, xvi, who defend rhetoric on the same ground.
Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
They eat meat only on feast-days, and then only mutton.
The longest station on the desert was thirty-one miles.
This, in fact, he proved to be in everything but birth.
For almost a minute not a word was said on either side.
Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
Prithee do thee huff him, thou know’st the way on’t.
_Enter Sir_ Timothy, Sham, _and_ Sharp, _in Masquerade_.
Then thou’rt a Fool--I’ll teach thee to be rich too.
_Driver_, what art thou talking to those poor Creatures?
Curse thee till thou art damn’d, as I do lost _Diana_.
Sir _Timothy Tawdry_, Sir, is married to Mrs. _Phillis_.
Right--that lying with old _Francisco_ is flat Adultery.
Indeed that’s something uncivil, Madam, if it be true.
Have a care of a Nunnery, lest he take you at your word.
To kill the honestest Man in _Spain_, if I be well paid.
I’ll see if I can bring her.--      _Enter_ Francisco.
So kind to visit us, and have you sent him away already?
But how shall we do with the Seamen of this other Gally?
What’s that that’s sport and pastime to noble minds.
Fear not, my dear, I’ll rather die than do thee wrong.
_Enter_ Carlos _and_ Guzman _as_ Turks _with Followers_.
Let him make ‘em strong and sure--you shall go halves.
Conduct him in; in this retreat of ours we use no State.
Don _Carlos_, Governor of _Cadiz_, greets your Highness.
what art thou that durst forbid me Entrance?--Stand off.
There was but one way left, and that was cuckolding him.
Holland’s a Commonwealth, and is not rul’d by Kings.
Sir, I love and honour you, because you are a Traveller.
_Lette_, here’s a young Rogue has a mind to kiss thee.
Rot your Wine--dy’e think to pacify me with Wine, Sir?
‘Tis--Jealousy, the old Worm that bites--    [_Aside_.
I hope he will not tell me he’as a mind to cuckold me.
You look very simple, Sir--what think you of _Cato_ now?
Good Sir, lay ‘em, and I’ll pay the Musick--  _Gay_.
What, I’ll warrant, this is your first Love, _Gayman_?
Pull your Hoods down, and keep your Face from the Light.
By Heaven, ‘twas bravely bold, was it not, _Alcander_?
Be gone, there lies thy way, where’er thy business be.
And thou hast something too to say of her, What was’t?
Ever while you live, you treat me too Well ever to hope.
by _Jove, Alcander_ Has more tricks than a dancing Bear.
I would as willingly as those Fly from this Devil, Love.
_Draws off, discovers_ Alcippus _rising from the Couch_.
And now, farewel the World, fond Love, and mortal Cares.
I tremble, but know not whether ‘tis with Fear or Joy.
--Hum, the Devil does not use to fail me at a dead Lift.
I’m all amazement too; but must not show my Ignorance.
All former editions ‘Exit.’  p. 47, l. 8 _Scene II_.
4to 1671 ‘go out.’  p. 312, l, 14 _’.is the most_.
1724 ‘She goes out.’  p. 320, l. 21 _I fell asleep_.
--_Much Ado About Nothing_, Act ii, I.  p. 122 _Docity_.
_The Wild Gallant_ is, by Dryden’s own confession (cf.
These premises were destroyed by fire, 30 January, 1713.
p. 394 _There’s nothing lasting but the Puppets Show_.
He is dressed in black with bands and a huge shovel hat.
A DYING GIFT       V. CHESTER’S FIRST SUCCESS      VI.
During the night four or five inches of snow had fallen.
In a short time they had reached the minister’s house.
He handed them to Chester, who looked over them eagerly.
But, Mr. Tripp, I’ve come here on business.  “Hey?
It was paid for out of the minister’s charitable fund.
“How long were you in making the drawing? she asked.
He’s talkin’ of reducin’ me to two dollars a week.
“I supposed you’d stand up for him, sneered Silas.
“Where is my money, you villain? he demanded, hotly.
Have you ever thought of coming to New York to     live?
“And you bring it to me?  “Yes, it belongs to you.
He would keep the money himself, and conceal the record.
He, himself, had found it and kept it in his possession.
There was one thing, however, that Chester did not know.
He was playing with Mullins as a cat plays with a mouse.
He discharged Abel Wood soon after you went to New York.
“He’s a scamp! commented the man from Minneapolis.
“Are you going to the theater, Chester? asked Felix.
He was probably sent here by his uncle as a spy upon us.
You had better go back, and Ralston prepared to go on.
I was in luck.  “Do you get six dollars?  “More.
“Isn’t he here now? demanded Silas, with surprise.
“It is a wonderful place, Chester, said Mr. Perkins.
A pickpocket took it while I was looking in at a window.
When Mr. Fairchild returned Felix delivered the message.
We don’t want to be at the tail end of the procession.
“Shan’t I see you again, Mr. Wilson? asked Edward.
It is two dollars more than I received at my last place.
She has     held out pretty firm, but she may yield yet.
I did not think to look.  “Your case is unfortunate.
Mullins, I haven’t the least intention of harming you.
“The next day my employer summoned me to his presence.
Perhaps all they lack is an occupation: in short, a job.
But the poor-spirited Woodhouse people were weak buyers.
The whole affair was ricketty, amateurish, and twopenny.
So she neither questioned nor accepted, but just let be.
At such times Miss Frost’s heart went cold within her.
Act just for yourself, dear—the rest doesn’t matter.
If it had she would certainly never have entertained it.
But she had serious confidential talks with Dr. Fordham.
She ground her teeth and screamed and yelled with pains.
So Alvina spun her medal, and her medal came down tails.
This was the end of another woman’s life: such an end!
Her mother’s little sitting-room was cold and disused.
It would be simply disastrous, because it had no master.
“But we don’t want father to go on with this scheme.
He seemed to swim like a fish in his own little element.
“No, I don’t know so much about that, said Albert.
But it has its attractions. Here he smiled meaningful.
Without a thought, she turned on her heel and fled away.
“Are you hurt? called Alvina, looking up into space.
“Which way? she asked, demurely, but a little sharp.
In the Withams’ pew sat Lottie and Albert—no Arthur.
“You never spoke to Mr. Witham? Miss Pinnegar asked.
Now he found himself more or less stranded in Woodhouse.
And he always walked down to Lumley to post his letters.
Once they had gone cold, they would never warm up again.
She hurried off to her bedroom to laugh and cry at once.
And swamped—_swamped_ with her dirty old carrot water.
I saw her at a friend’s when I came back from America.
She scorned to count “Welcome All. Mr. May said Yes.
But she marched down one of the pews, and took her seat.
But Miss Pinnegar was sadly hot and squeezed in her pew.
Sudden curtain, and a yell of ecstasy from the colliers.
Miss Poppy herself sets all store on her cup and saucer.
“How much have we taken, father? asked Alvina gaily.
“I’ve brought you the cough stuff, said the widow.
She had dropped the cigarette unnoticed into the hearth.
“But perhaps tomorrow.  “No, today, said Madame.
Alvina began to understand Madame’s subjection to him.
The bear drops Ciccio lifeless, and turns to Kishwégin.
“I should love to go.  He looked down into her eyes.
Why are you at all?  “Nonsensical? laughed Alvina.
“And what about yellow eyes? asked Alvina, laughing.
“May I hear it too?  “Oh, said Madame, drawling.
“Comment? queried Ciccio, in his slow, derisive way.
And how?—and where?—in this country?—tell me that.
Is he quite obstinate?  Geoffrey lifted his shoulders.
Madame could see the beginnings of defection in him too.
Finish this week and then go, go—But finish this week.
“Do come! she urged, never taking her eyes from him.
“Won’t you come? She smiled strangely and vividly.
Now indeed she was the dusky Eve tempted into knowledge.
True, Ciccio had no collar on, and his shoes were burst.
“I should like awfully— a flush grew on her cheek.
Alvina called Mrs. Rollings, and they composed the body.
The doctor came—she went to the registrar—and so on.
But her face was blanched and tired, without expression.
He went ducking along the dark yard, nearly to the gate.
“On ne fume pas dans le salon, said Madame brutally.
Alvina looked back at her, but did not know what to say.
“What about the theatre?—will it go on? she asked.
I don’t know, she doesn’t seem to hook on, does she?
She’d have looked down her nose at him, times gone by.
“I couldn’t keep away from you, Madame, she cried.
You said perhaps I might be with the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras.
“Yet he promised.  Again Madame smiled sardonically.
“See, my dear, that your money is safe, said Madame.
“What a good brooch, eh? Madame fingered the brooch.
Madame sat at one end of the table, Alvina at the other.
There was a spirit of great liveliness and conviviality.
“Pacohuila! cried Madame, with an imperious gesture.
When she came to her door, she turned and looked at him.
A’ open ’eart ’s worth all your bum-righteousness.
“You can have that if you like, Madame, said Alvina.
And the next day the same, she was all icy pleasantness.
The Natcha-Kee-Tawaras were a little bit put out by her.
And instinct told her that he might ignore her for ever.
But his eyes had already begun to glimmer their consent.
“The best! He made such solemn eyes, Alvina laughed.
And your father a month dead.  “It doesn’t matter.
“How not like it!  “I don’t like it, she said.
He looked curiously at Miss Pinnegar, grinning slightly.
Don’t you all?  The two other men smiled and nodded.
Geoffrey made large eyes at her as he held up his glass.
It’s almost _White Slave Traffic_, on Madame’s part.
“I love thee, I love thee as a brother, and also more.
She didn’t care a bit, really, about her own downfall.
I wish you a pleasant experience in your new occupation.
Alvina did _not_ want to go to Mansfield that afternoon.
But their hearts hardened with black, indomitable anger.
But Alvina felt herself particularly excluded, left out.
Then she wired home to her doctor for another reference.
She went rapidly from case to case, as she was summoned.
“Why I do ten times the work that any one of you does.
came the gratifying fireworks of admiration from Alvina.
But I think I’m pretty good at _feeling_ it, you know.
They went downstairs, and Alvina returned to her duties.
“The pains have begun, said Alvina, hurrying to her.
But the doctor had replied that Nurse would ring him up.
She did not like whirling in the direction of Lancaster.
“Of course!—another of Mrs. Tuke’s exclamations.
He came to her, smiling softly, to take her in his arms.
England, like a long, ash-grey coffin slowly submerging.
Ciccio talked a little with other travelling companions.
“I think it’s lovely—wonderful, she said, dazed.
Err! cried Pancrazio, striking the beast on the flank.
Then she washed her face, thoroughly, in good hot water.
Alvina came out of the icy bedroom to the black kitchen.
Then she scrubbed the two little tables and the shelves.
His yellow, luminous eyes watched her and enveloped her.
Beautiful, in our musical sense of the word, it was not.
‘So now I was obstinate, and I said _Three o’clock_.
Fortunately he was turning round talking to another man.
In her room they opened into a grand bowl of lilac fire.
Everywhere little grape hyacinths hung their blue bells.
But nothing could be more exquisite, like gods on earth.
“Must they all be cut? she said, as she went to him.
She would find the English Consul and he would help her.
Oratory, like poetry, is emotional, as Longinus asserts.
This is logically followed by the ten attributes of man.
About her are mirrors and the fragrant fumes of incense.
A further example of this idea is furnished by Timocles.
When he defends comedy, Lodge drifts away from allegory.
_Gram_ loquitur; _Dia_ vera docet; _Rhet_ verba colorat.
Bairam is the period of feasting after the Ramadan fast.
Patience, they say, belongs to God; hurry, to the devil.
If he is a foreigner, the merchant is quite deferential.
Unlike many of the world’s mountains, it stands alone.
There is no record of any irruption in historical times.
_Tabreez_ (fever-dispelling) was a misnomer in our case.
The weakness of the Persian for mendacity is proverbial.
On we sped, but not with the speed of the falling night.
Meshed claims our attention chiefly for its famous dead.
A dread of the evil eye is one of their characteristics.
Politeness has been likened generally to an air-cushion.
_Friendlove_, Brother to _Celinda_, in love with _Diana_.
Yes, Sir, Knight of the ill-favour’d Countenance is it?
Why, what’s in _Diana_, that you shou’d not love her?
The Rogue’s in choler, the Bride has not pleas’d him.
Sir, this is Madman’s Language, and not to be believed.
Pray Heaven this young virtuous Fellow don’t spoil all.
He is gone, and I believe [Betty Flauntit _peeping out_.]
None, none, Sir; you may fall down-right to the Business.
No, rather like a Sacrifice,    [_Offers to embrace him_.
Come, let’s in, and consult what’s best for us to do.
marry, that’s a hard question: but what sort of a Lord?
But I am glad you brought him not in, I being so unready.
Oh, my dear _Clara_, this is a blessing I could not hope.
By what strange Witchcraft shall this be brought to pass?
That’s gross meat, Sir, a pair of Quails--or--  _Guil_.
Why, I hope, Captain, we have no need to think of Heaven.
I’ll retire then, and fit me for my part of this Farce.
_Enter_ Guiliom _in his own dress; crying Chimney-Sweep_.
Bredwel--I have heard of her,--she was Mistress--  _Ral_.
_Enter_ Susan, _Sir_ Feeble _whispers her, she goes out_.
Why, I hope all hours are lawful with a Man’s own Wife.
That’s another Rarity to see a Man run out of his Wits.
Enough, enough, Sir _Cautious_, we apprehend one another.
I find, Sir, you were resolved for Youth, Wit and Beauty.
And what may come of that--but here’s old Nasty coming.
Sir, there’s one in a Coach below wou’d speak to you.
Who can this be--but see he comes to inform me--withdraw.
But if she have, Confidence must assist me--    [_Aside_.
Oh, _Bellmour_, where art thou with all thy promised aid?
With me, Sir, with me; what a Pox do you think I do here?
Oh--undone,--undone; help, help;--I’m dead, I’m dead.
Oh, Heavens!--               [_Draws his Sword half-way_.
adod, ‘tis I she means--’tis I she means--[_Merrily_.
I’ll to _Diana’s_ Chamber, the Night will come again.
My Study-Lock was pickt--I begin to suspect him--  _Bea_.
Ay, Madam, I have not travel’d for nothing--  L. _Ful_.
You have Moveables, Sir, Goods--Commodities--  Sir _Cau_.
I am fainting with my Fears, Hast thou no comfort for me?
No, love discreetly, Sir, love as I ought, love honestly.
Who can it be, at this odd time of neither Night nor Day?
Nay, prithee speak, Indeed I shall not be offended at it.
Consider, &c.    _Those Smiles and Kisses which you give.
Thou should’st be damn’d e’er disobey thy Mistress.
Doggett’s _The Country Wake_ was played the same night.
Never, Sir; his Court I have, but ‘twas confusedly too.
On pain of Life, look to the Girls; that’s your Charge.
--’Tis here again, but where’s the Hand that writ it?
The Ink’s yet wet, the Spark is near I find.--  _Bell_.
What conformity has every Word you say, to my rare Dream!
Good Sir, suspend your Judgment and your Anger till then.
some Baud I am sure;--Woman, what’s your Business here?
With all my Heart, and am glad he comes off so comically.
Brought me off, yes, out of the Frying-pan into the Fire.
1724 ‘plung’d in, in Blood.’  p. 43, l. 5 _A Jigg_.
It was, in fact, in common use for over an hundred years.
This comedy by Crowne is a mordant satire upon the Whigs.
The _Tatler_ also highly commends this actor’s Othello.
“If I gave up business, I’d soon be in the poorhouse.
“Seems to want me to pay all Walter Bruce’s expenses.
“The poor fellow was fortunate to fall into your hands.
“They’re keepin’ it out of the hands of honest men.
Could he send her enough from the city to help her along?
There was a table near the window with a portfolio on it.
“What can I do for you? he asked, in a careless tone.
Mrs. Long, with the baby in her arms, answered the knock.
When I was in the store yesterday, he inquired after you.
For the present, therefore, I feel obliged to retain him.
It will depend on the success I meet with in my business.
Now we can talk freely.  “That’s what I came about.
Why, I started off on a sudden without consulting anyone.
You will get no help from him.  “I begin to think so.
I’ll return it soon, said Radcliff, looking relieved.
I would rather have my own business and be my own master.
“That can’t be possible!  “It is a fact, however.
You were out in a boat yourself, and saw the whole thing.
“Yes, answered the poor mother, in a spiritless tone.
But one chronic and dreary malady: that of the odd women.
He expected to get at least ten thousand pounds with her.
He flitted, with a tense look on his face, to Manchester.
True, he became also Superintendent of the Sunday School.
One would have expected his æsthetic eye to be offended.
And this it was, perhaps, that scared away the young men.
“I don’t really know, she said, laughing hurriedly.
She knew the same would ring in her mother’s dying cry.
They all seemed like blank sheets of paper in comparison.
She enjoyed the smell of a toasted bloater, rather burnt.
It certainly is not what we think we are and ought to be.
She was returning to Woodhouse virgin as she had left it.
With Miss Frost all was openness, explicit and downright.
But Alvina liked to be with Miss Pinnegar in the kitchen.
In the afternoon, directly after dinner, Alvina went out.
And of course, Alvina was considered a lady in Woodhouse.
“Is this one of your old walks? she asked, malicious.
It feels a little cramped, you know, after a new country.
Putting her umbrella between him and her, she walked off.
“Let us go down, said Mr. May, “and look at a site.
I never was in a worse, in all the _cauce_ of my travels.
You must be prepared to spend something at the beginning.
“In the theatrical line, I’m sure, declared Alvina.
Alvina hastily retreated, but Miss Pinnegar stood it out.
Chot-let, penny a bar! away she banged at another tune.
He came fairly frequently to Manchester House after this.
When he got home he hurried upstairs to his bare chamber.
Time after time James ran his almighty eye over his army.
He was quite sincere: if man ever _can_ be quite sincere.
She wondered where he got them, and how he afforded them.
He cocked his blue eyes at her, miserable and frightened.
She was _déclassée_: she had lost her class altogether.
And they had always a certain fund of callous philosophy.
As they went up the entry they heard the sound of voices.
The young men looked at her, and muttered to one another.
“Che natura povera, senza sentimento—niente di bello.
He was quite drunk with his first sleep, and saw nothing.
Alvina accompanied him, Mr. May and the others were busy.
You’ve never been out of England?  “No, she said.
And then it was strictly a visit of ceremony or business.
I am an old woman—  “Younger than I, said Alvina.
And now let me give you one little token of my gratitude.
Alvina hurried ahead to make a light in the dark passage.
“Are they both staying, or only one? she said tartly.
“Will you come to dinner? she said to her two guests.
“What _is_ his name, Madame?  “Marasca—Francesco.
Why, her mother brought three or four thousands with her.
Pity some nice young man doesn’t turn up and marry her.
Bitterly she cried, when she bent down during the prayer.
She had watched them for her mother—and for Miss Frost.
And they all told her they thought _their_ plan was best.
“And all the business, the will and all? said Madame.
“Certainly, said Louis, bowing also over his tea-cup.
“Now then, said Madame briskly, “we are all agreed.
And the young men stirred uneasily, and smiled furtively.
“Hurons—Hirondelles, means _swallows_, said Madame.
Madame locked up the jewels quickly, after one last look.
By the train, or the bicycle?  “Train, said Ciccio.
That’s why I’m glad to leave it. There was a pause.
La pauvre fille—pauvre demoiselle! lamented Geoffrey.
Miss Pinnegar wilted and felt strange under so many eyes.
Mr. May laughed so much that he knocked his whiskey over.
Oh!  “Not if you think those things— said Alvina.
Noises went on, in the street, overhead in the work-room.
It was already ten o’clock when she hurried downstairs.
Then he’d believe in you.  But Ciccio shook his head.
“Does it mean we owe seven hundred pounds? she asked.
I can’t believe it.  “So he told me, said Alvina.
“What are we to do? said Max, pale on the cheekbones.
Curse them! Louis was muttering, in his rolling accent.
They kept within the four-square enclosure of themselves.
“Pff—! he went, with a whistling sound of contempt.
She would go straight to Windermere, to see the big lake.
She was in good health, and she was getting fatter again.
“What’s that, mister? replied the mystified hawker.
“There! she said, bobbing a little curtsey to Alvina.
Lancaster was busy with a sort of fête, notwithstanding.
“I felt I ought to do something.  “Why? he asked.
Upon it was the mourning-ring Miss Frost had always worn.
“I may congratulate _you_, you mean, said the matron.
And it cast a slight slur of vulgar familiarity over her.
This she gathered from her contact with the local gentry.
Alvina comforted her and reassured her as best she could.
And to make me howl because I’ve got a child inside me.
He swallowed his in one swallow, and put aside his glass.
The faint, stupid half-smile, half-sneer was on his lips.
“She is going to have a child, said Alvina to Ciccio.
Alvina had a great difficulty in waking the inert Ciccio.
How sick she was of other people and their importunities!
Ciccio’s a treat to be with, because he’s so natural.
And so the fortnight passed, and she was under his spell.
It was his physical presence which cast a spell over her.
CHAPTER XIV THE JOURNEY ACROSS   The train began to move.
All was very still in the wintry sunshine of the Channel.
It had a grey, heaped, sordid look in the November light.
I know I shall.  “I say _no_, brother, said Ciccio.
And her heart sank as she had never known it sink before.
But underneath she was extraordinarily relieved and glad.
Ciccio wanted to have luncheon in the station restaurant.
And his English, though slow, was beautifully pronounced.
He had his cloak over his nose and his hat over his eyes.
It was rather like the crying of half-articulate animals.
Alvina sat with Ciccio stripping them, in the corn-place.
This was where Ciccio belonged: his active, mindful self.
She came upon a bankside all wide with lavender crocuses.
The high-road was depressing, wherever there were houses.
Rose-red and gold-yellow of the flowers swam in her eyes.
Such drama Aeschylus asserts to be immoral in its effect.
They had looked to the poets for moral dogma and example.
Any writing, he says, should be expounded in four senses.
Pluto, Cerberus, and the hydra receive like explanations.
Nicolaus de Orbellis (d. 1455), quoted by Sandys, p. 644.
This, thereupon, became the opinion of the whole country.
A quiet dignity sat on Ismail Deverish’s stalwart form.
In Tabreez there is one object sure to attract attention.
And now the money problem was the most perplexing of all.
Each is molded instead of cut and stamped as in the West.
The costumes of our soldiers were strikingly picturesque.
Everywhere the ground is traversable by horses and carts.
For persistence, this mob surpassed any we had ever seen.
This was rowed at the stern, like the gondolas of Venice.
He asked many questions about the details of our journey.
Faith, that’s right; why, then you must do’t by signs.
‘Tis well--there we will dispute our Title to _Celinda_.
This I’ll improve, and so to your Advantage--  _Friend_.
Yes--why, I hope neither of you pretend to either, do you?
And well, _Frank_, how dost thou find thy self inclin’d?
Ay, my Lord, a thousand more perhaps than are to be found.
Mine, Sir, I don’t know the Gentleman; pray which is he?
Lord, that this shou’d not enter into my Coxcomb before!
Why, truly, Sir--I did go to hire such a one--  Sir _Tim_.
_gets his Wife behind him, and fences her with his Cloke_.
Come, come, ’.is a good Tenant that pays once a quarter.
He’s here, at the corner of the Street, I’ll call him.
_Enter_ Clara, Julia, Antonio, Jacinta _running to ‘em_.
_Jacinta_, my Fan, and set my Hair in order, oh, the Gods!
The Great Turk,--the Great Devil, why, where am I, Friend?
To my Face!--Take him away, and let him have the Strapado.
I thought him the fitter Match, Sir, and hope your Pardon.
But how came you hither, Gentlemen, how durst you venture?
Marry, Sir, and the wiser he; for they got nothing by’t.
Yes, though the Sight wou’d blast me, I wou’d view it.
Why, what the Devil’s your Business, and you go to that?
But what makes ye out at this Hour, and with these Jewels?
Stay, _Julia_--your Will shall be obey’d,    [_Sighing_.
What, so excellent at Intrigues, and so dull at an Excuse?
I wou’d not be so uncivil, Sir, before all this Company.
And I wish for your Repose you ne’er had seen my Father.
We have lost, and he has won; anon it may be your Fortune.
Oh, wou’d I could, so I gave half my Estate--  L. _Ful_.
Written by a Person of Quality, Spoken by Mr. _Betterton_.
The King (v, III) is talking to Philander, acted by Smith.
_would he cry,   And what he said the Echoes would reply_.
--Me shall he fright, Who stood the Execution of a Murder?
It is the Prince’s pleasure, Sir, you quit the Presence.
Ay, and I shall deserve it richly, Sir, when you know all.
Any way, so I may hear the Sense of what they wou’d say.
4to 1687 has ‘The End of the Second Act.’  p. 225, ll.
The last sentence is clearly spoken aloud to Sir Cautious.
I have supplied ’.nd exit.’  p. 427, l. 16 _Scene IV_.
In 1688 the substantive ‘Banter’ was up-to-date slang.
To cheat him; to trick him; especially to cheat with dice.
Sir Fopling, a portrait of Beau Hewitt, became proverbial.
It had previously been given in _Wit and Drollery_ (1681).
End of Project Gutenberg’s The Works of Aphra Behn, Vol.
“I have sympathy for all who are out of work, he said.
In fact, nothing at all, Chester was obliged to confess.
He would have been a bright boy if he had kept his health.
I don’t draw all the time, said Chester, with a smile.
We     may be able to throw considerable work in your way.
He took the elevator and went upstairs to the sixth floor.
She was rather surprised when she saw who her visitor was.
“Bravo, Arthur, said Prof. Nugent, clapping his hands.
Have you got a place? asked Mullins, turning to Chester.
“Eighteen hundred dollars? the latter repeated, aloud.
“I’d like to know what all this means, said Ralston.
“How is that? inquired Chester, in a tone of sympathy.
Once I heard your stepfather complaining bitterly of this.
I have some property at Tacoma.  “You don’t mean it!
“Can you furnish any evidence of this? asked Mr. Dean.
I understood that my treacherous friend had given me away.
“We have been separated long enough, Edward, she said.
They all _wanted_ the middle-class girls to find husbands.
But no, they would rather give sixpence-halfpenny for W.H.
It was an ugly brick, painfully heavy and parched-looking.
But owing to her change of heart, she lingered indecisive.
With cold eyes she looked at him, and found him repugnant.
Alvina felt very strong and rich in the fact of her youth.
And they behaved as if she were exactly one of themselves.
Sometimes she wondered to herself, over her own virginity.
And at the same time, she had to constitute herself nurse.
She kept quietly on her own ground, and left you on yours.
Slaves who would cause the superimposed day-order to fall.
“Yes, I shall remember, said Alvina, beyond tears now.
“Well, we’ll see, said James, rising to superiority.
“That’s what it is, said Miss Pinnegar vindictively.
And then, to be taught to ride a bicycle by Albert Witham!
It was like the jaws of a pair of insentient iron pincers.
“I can’t imagine, replied Miss Pinnegar, eyeing her.
She rebelled with all her backbone against the word _job_.
This man had catered for the little shows of little towns.
And now, in very low water, he found himself at Woodhouse.
And with those fatal words he wafted away to find Mr. May.
“Oh—Miss Pinnegar! he said, and made to slip by her.
Which man?  James was a little deaf, and a little husky.
Houghton! said Miss Pinnegar, in a sudden changed voice.
Come and Buy Without Price.  James was in his eye-holes.
But he exacted that they should buy one article at a time.
And yet she remained good friends with the odd little man.
Mr. Houghton was very much concerned over Madame’s cold.
There was a slight look of self-commiseration on her face.
And so, what will they do without their old _gouvernante_?
“Is it my _appearance_ you laugh at, or is it only _me_?
Well, well—it makes you wonder what is and what isn’t.
The foreigners shrugged their shoulders, and paid no heed.
They sent him off to other artistes, other lodging-houses.
Can I make Miss Houghton’s father lose these two nights?
It was all very well for Alvina to bang the piano crossly.
At five minutes to nine, she hurried off to Mrs. Rollings.
“Leave me alone. But he looked anything but all right.
Hearing the gate bang, she rose and hurried to the window.
Tomorrow was Sunday: and the funeral was in the afternoon.
“You do not know him yet, she said, turning to Alvina.
The meal, with the three women at table, passed painfully.
We must catch the train.  “Oh but—won’t you drive?
“And if there is something?  “I don’t know either.
Wait one moment. She went to the door and called Ciccio.
Why sure!  “It’s dreadful, though—! said Alvina.
Max, as being the responsible party, looked business-like.
“And Miss Houghton shall have her professional name, eh?
Each _brave_ also kissed her hand, with a profound salute.
And she looked back at him, heavy-eyed and half subjected.
“The gift of Pacohuila you know, said Madame, smiling.
On’y we’ve got to keep up appearances a bit, you know.
How _can_ you—  Alvina was hustled off to her lodging.
With what close curiosity Madame examined the ruby brooch.
“I am tired, I shall go early to my room, said Alvina.
“Na Cic’— he said, as he saw Ciccio in the street.
They were a good-humoured company in the railway carriage.
“Eat! he said to her, smiling, motioning to her plate.
Your poor father!  “I’m sure the dead are all right.
“This was my mother’s little sitting-room, she said.
And closing her book, she rose and went to the other room.
This house, and all it contains?  “Yes, said Alvina.
“Voyez, un cochon de lait, said Gigi amply and calmly.
Geoffrey rose to his feet and flung his arms round Ciccio.
When Ciccio returned, Alvina was once more washing dishes.
Her eyes looked back at him, hard and cold and determined.
In truth, she loved him—and she was laughing to herself.
She sang to herself as she went about her work downstairs.
Nothing is ours—not even the plate you’re eating from.
“They want to say we are immoral foreigners, she said.
“And never no different.  “Never, said the doctor.
“Mine _isna_, tha sees, he said, “so pap’s no use.
“You’ll give me time to wonder about you, won’t you?
“I’ve volunteered for active service, she stammered.
“After Christmas! he started as if he had been bitten.
Already she belonged to the revered caste of medicine-men.
Connected with him, she was a known and labelled quantity.
Mrs. Tuke was the wife of the son of a local manufacturer.
“Je ne peux pas entrer.  “Vous ne pouvez pas entrer?
She went slowly down the stairs and out of the front door.
I can’t bear it, cried the strange voice of Mrs. Tuke.
He was heard talking to some one in the moonlight outside.
The moment Mrs. Tuke recovered her breath she began again.
I say, nurse, excuse me, but I like you better in uniform.
If the man’s good enough, he’s good enough by himself.
But the slow, remote look in her eyes made this fall flat.
“What was your mother’s name? Ciccio was asking her.
Her thoughts flew to Woodhouse, the grey centre of it all.
Alvina was almost too tired to care what it would be like.
She was rather smoke-dried too, from perpetual wood-smoke.
There had been a little garden within the stone enclosure.
She felt the strange terror and loveliness of his passion.
A black hatred for the Mitchells of this world filled her.
But none the less the houses were sordid, unkempt, slummy.
She had to hide in her room till the cold wind blew again.
“I’ll come back, and we’ll go to America, he said.
The Scholastic Grouping of Poetic, Rhetoric and Logic   2.
Even more obscure is its applicability to Hawes's subject.
A few figures of speech are mentioned, but not dwelt upon.
The figures Puttenham divides according to his own scheme.
Puttenham was a bad poet, a well-read man, and a courtier.
Isocrates made his reply in his speech _On the Antidosis_.
Everything is low and contracted, especially the doorways.
They now absolutely refused to go any farther without him.
This is not so bad on the broad streets of a Russian town.
We were obliged to dismount in the principal thoroughfare.
By this, public curiosity was raised to the highest pitch.
Nightfall and a drizzling rain came at last to our relief.
He, on the other hand, refused to leave without the other.
We cannot here give the history of that experiment, as Mr.
“Did you find on your route any gold or silver deposits?
I that ever help you at a dead Lift, will not fail you now.
Sir, on my bended Knees, thus low I fall To beg your mercy.
Though I could spare my Life, I’ll not be robb’d of it.
What ways am I constrain’d to use to work out my Revenge!
You see, Sir, how miserable we Women are that love you Men.
_Enter Lord_ Plotwell, Charles, Trusty, _and two Servants_.
for thou know’st I cannot marry a Wife without a Fortune.
this blushless Maid, That has by my Example broke her Vows?
--Turn, turn, from what thou lov’st, and meet my Justice.
Did she not tell you of this Marriage with old _Francisco_?
Barring your Compliments, good Son, give me leave to speak.
Well said, use him scurvily that Mrs. _Clara_ may have him.
Why, Sir, I went as you directed me, to Don _Baltazer’s_.
_Enter_ Isabella _looking in a Glass, and seeing her Face_.
Cou’d you but manage it well, and keep it from _Antonio_.
Is he so rare a thing?--Oh, that I were a she great _Turk_.
An’t please your Grace, now I remember me, methinks I do.
Die, die, then; for your Betters must be served before you.
Lord, what a jest ‘twill be to see ‘em coupled, ha, ha.
You have the Freedom to do so--the Writings I’ll provide.
Why, I hope a very honest Friend of mine, _Harry Bellmour_.
I am a little hasty sometimes, but you know my good Nature.
She was resolv’d to go in a young Fellow’s Arms, I see.
Come, buss, and it shall have it--oh, how I long for Night.
Ay, no doubt on’t, a Pox on him for a young handsome Dog.
A pise of those Bandstrings--the more haste the less speed.
So, and he’d revenge it on my Wife--    [_Aside smiling_.
there’s no such Animal in Nature; I rather think he pads.
Oh, the Devil will not lose a Gamester of me, you see, Sir.
Most assuredly, unless you have the courage to retrieve it.
I’ll set it to a Night--there’s none need know it, Sir.
A Night--I shall have her safe and sound i’th’ Morning.
Done--Sir Feeble shall be witness--and there stands my Hat.
I’ll hear no more--Sir _Cautious_,--where’s my Husband?
Ay, Sir, that’s all, as I’m an honest man.--  L. _Ful_.
Yes, for I shall sleep now, I shall lie alone;    [_Weeps_.
--Thy Eyes, _Erminia_, do declare thy Heart           [Gal.
I could have wish’d some other had oblig’d thee to’t.
That’s more than I could have said within This half hour.
_Their Attendants, Persons that represent the Court Cards_.
I came to bemoan with thee the mutual loss of our Mistress.
Pardon me, Sir, I gave the Coward, and you ought to strike.
Why, Sirrah, Rogue--_Scaramouch_ --How got this Mad-man in?
Lights there--Lights--I’m sure they cou’d not ‘scape.
That’s I, that’s I--                    [_Shoves_ Scar.
What do you speak like!--why you speak like a Wheel-Barrow.
Former editions wrongly mark this whole speech ’.side’.
Former editions simply ‘Exit.’ This confuses the scene.
I have inserted ‘He’ to make the direction quite clear.
1724 improperly puts this speech after the stage direction.
the present editor’s edition of _The Rehearsal_, p. 145).
He was buried in the Savoy, 8 January, 1724-5.  p. 186 _Mr.
Halliwell, _Dictionary Archaic and Proverhial Words_; ‘M.
_The Rehearsal_, Actus v, scaena I: _’.ieutenant-General.
“Three dollars a week!  “It’s what I call high pay.
I don’t want to brag, but I never spent a cent foolishly.
“I should like to be an artist, he said, after a pause.
And for the first time it dawned upon him he was an artist.
“How much would you be willing to give? put in Chester.
“You will find that you will work better in a great city.
“Why, mother, said Rob, “is that you?  “Yes, Rob.
You will know more about him in a week than I can tell you.
He walked up to the desk where the book keeper was writing.
“I was a fool that I didn’t destroy it, he reflected.
Otherwise, how could James Long have recovered the receipt?
It was one chance, not a very good one, but still a chance.
I haven’t missed any.  “I wish he would help himself.
He looked like a man of leisure, with little upon his mind.
“It might——  Chester lost the rest of the sentence.
I never heard the name before.  Chester looked surprised.
“Oh, you mean our office boy, returned Mullins, coldly.
Where shall I direct?  “Oh, just direct to Minneapolis.
“I wouldn’t trust him any further than I could see him.
As for your son, you can only leave him to his own devices.
It was located in a large office building on Nassau Street.
Everything betokened prosperity, and Mr. Tripp was dazzled.
I come from Wyncombe, where he lives, and I know his folks.
“Mebbe Chester isn’t adapted to the city, Silas said.
“What is the matter, my boy? asked Sharpleigh, blandly.
“I have spent over a year in the city, mother, he said.
Abner Trimble looked disappointed, but did not dare object.
“Some of them do a great deal of good, said the lawyer.
Besides, he’s got a new suit of clothes and a gold watch.
Now James Houghton had only one child: his daughter Alvina.
A manageress was advertised for, and work-girls were hired.
And doubtful if James was ever grateful for their presence.
His rather large, grey moustache was brushed off his mouth.
Alvina should have been preparing her trousseau, to follow.
But she never found there what she found in her photograph.
They were alert, their faces were clean and bright-looking.
It was August when she came home, in her nurse’s uniform.
But for her mother she had to remove her nurse’s uniform.
The future remains for ever an infinite field for mistakes.
Sorrow and slow death, because a man had _not_ married her.
Our mothers pined because our fathers drank and were rakes.
When what was wanted was a Dark Master from the underworld.
They were everything to one another, Miss Frost and Alvina.
Miss Allsop, daughter of the builder, called to see Alvina.
She would not care about marriage, if even she had a lover.
It hampers them, and interferes with their power of action.
She remembered Arthur had the same look, bending to prayer.
If help came, it would have to come from the extraordinary.
“Good-morning! said Mr. May, stopping before the woman.
“Alvina! Miss Pinnegar called discreetly down the shop.
“I might have put some in, if I’d known, said Alvina.
“I suppose I don’t have any say.  “Oh but _surely_.
He darted out to drive James round in front of the curtain.
Didn’t it? And he laughed a high, excited little laugh.
Oh, I fell between the two stools beautifully, beautifully!
Could the devil himself have invented anything more trying?
And they hate it.  Mr. May watched her long and dismally.
She was surprised to hear Mr. May’s opinion of the navvy.
But she found it amusing to see them all and know them all.
Madame had insisted on cooking the chops for the young men.
He was dark, rather tall and loose, with yellow-tawny eyes.
Will you please to sit down.  They all took their chairs.
“I must go home for some things, said Alvina to Ciccio.
“Oh well, if you think so, said Miss Pinnegar, nettled.
How she hated seething in the bath of her own perspiration.
Max solemnly, Louis gallant, the other two dumb and sleepy.
It was eight o’clock before she asked her first question.
Alvina started and looked round at her with wide blue eyes.
“Let us go, said Mr. May, bubbling with new importance.
Max slipped on a tattered hunting-shirt and cartridge belt.
Kishwégin examines the bear, Ciccio examines the prisoner.
You see, that’s it.  “But how has Madame made it all?
“And I am very glad you have been such a good Kishwégin.
Let us see.  So gradually Max was brought to stand still.
He will perhaps wait for me at his cousin’s in Battersea.
And then one met the yellow pupils, sulphureous and remote.
“I am so sorry you’re going away, she said nervously.
She moaned in spirit, in his arms, felt herself dead, dead.
She left everything now to Miss Pinnegar and Mrs. Rollings.
She closed the door and ushered them into the drawing-room.
Madame glanced round, as she did in every room she entered.
She scrutinized Alvina with her eyes of bright black glass.
“I don’t know, said Madame, cutting her meat quickly.
“Good-bye! Madame fluttered a black-edged handkerchief.
And so should I without you, said Miss Pinnegar doggedly.
There was something less than a hundred pounds in the bank.
“Assez de cette éternelle voix italienne, said Madame.
Ciccio got up quickly and took his mandoline from its case.
Then she waved for a partner, and set up a tarantella wail.
“Kishwégin must open your doors for you all, she said.
She either ousted her landlady, or used her as second cook.
She was a spoke in their wheel, a scotch to their facility.
He fumbled in his pocket for a pencil and a piece of paper.
Then I shall look as if I’d just been taking a _journey_.
And is _this_ quite final, too?  “Quite, said Alvina.
Pacohuila, Walgatchka, Allaye—  He smiled very broadly.
“You have done it all, eh? said Ciccio, glancing round.
White, and mute, and motionless, she was taken to her room.
He approached, laid his hand on her breast, and kissed her.
“You didn’t expect it would be quite so bad? he said.
Now she had nothing, he would coolly withhold this respect.
“You might almost have expected it, said Mrs. Rollings.
On the other hand, the theatre was sold for almost nothing.
And therefore, everything went charmingly at the Town Hall.
To be told by _you_ what will do you harm and what won’t?
I never touch alcohol in any form.  “No, an’ I dunna.
“Today is the day when you answer, isn’t it? he said.
She watched him, and wondered why on earth all this frenzy.
Which made her rather abashed, and much more uncomfortable.
At such a moment, what was the good of saying she didn’t?
She did not know the other man; some theatrical individual.
Mrs. Tuke was quite still, resting her chin on her fingers.
“Do put me down! murmured Alvina, stirring in his arms.
How can I depend on you at all?  Again he shook his head.
What was the good of trying to be Miss Houghton any longer?
Next to Alvina sat a trim Frenchwoman reading _L’Aiglon_.
He glanced at her from time to time, smiling constrainedly.
Then a tall bright schooner glimmered far down the channel.
Then the long night journey through France, slow and blind.
Many people alighted from the train, many surged to get in.
And the conversation once more became a spatter of Italian.
So the train clambered up and down, and went round corners.
“My sister’s husband lives here, explained Pancrazio.
“Then we will get the donkey, said Pancrazio stoically.
Pancrazio came hurrying back to the plank with the lantern.
“Why not? she cried, in panic lest he prophesied truly.
Ciccio sat down on a chair and began to take off his boots.
It was impossible for her to become one with it altogether.
“You wouldn’t be happy here, so long, he said, sadly.
‘Now you have had a taste of the cross,’ I said to him.
She loved the quality of his silence, so rich and physical.
There she sewed and spun wool and read, and learnt Italian.
“Are you sorry you came here with me, Allaye? he asked.
The Persistence of the Mediaeval Tradition of Rhetoric   3.
They differ, he says, in their medium, objects, and manner.
Chapter IV  Classical Blending of Rhetoric and Poetic    1.
She is very large, finely gowned and garlanded with laurel.
The fox was infested with dog-ticks which sucked his blood.
In one sense this has been a study of critical perversions.
Trans, by H. C. Hamilton (Bohn ed, London, 1854), 1, 24-25.
These fellows, like the zaptiehs, were fond of ostentation.
Winter was coming on, and something had to be done at once.
Thereupon he and his grown son caught hold of our bicycles.
There are plenty of back and side yards, but none in front.
There is nothing in it, but it eases the jolts wonderfully.
This was the only time that we suffered at all with thirst.
We smoked cigarettes, and a bottle of champagne was served.
_Celinda_, Sister to _Friendlove_, contracted to _Bellmour_.
And I, _Celinda_, will instruct you how to satisfy my Fears.
--Here--I resign my self unto your Will-- But, Oh _Celinda_!
Nay, then thou losest precious time, I’ll not detain thee.
Lord, how they stink of Paint and Pox, faugh--  Mrs. _Driv_.
_Another Chamber in the Brothel, a Table with Box and Dice_.
Ay, but art thou sure there is no danger in this Enterprize?
Sir, in Obedience to your Commands, I’ve brought the Lady.
Yes, yes, you can promise fair, but hang him that trusts ye.
Both had been welcome--and all I have, you shou’d command.
Who can chuse, to hear your Suspicions, your needless Fears.
But the distance of Place and Time allow not such a Fallacy.
Know you--no, nor desire to do,--on what acquaintance, pray?
But, Gentlemen, pluck up your Spirits, be bold and resolute.
Ay, ‘twill make you sing another note, I’ll warrant you.
Bind him strait, neck and heels, and clap him under hatches.
I do even weep for joy; alas, I must leave it to thee, Love.
Heavens, what a nauseous thing is an old Man turn’d Lover!
By this kiss but you shall not--_Assafetida_, by this Light.
And Want compell’d thee to this wretched Marriage--did it?
_Lette, Lette, Lette_, where are you, little Rogue, _Lette_?
But is the young Rogue laid, _Francis_--is she stoln to Bed?
And I thought to have been fighting with some of my Friends.
that’s the business of another day, a mistake only, Madam.
besides, the Sin wou’d put me past all Hopes of pardoning.
_Enter_ Leticia _and_ Phillis _softly, undrest, with a Box_.
I say the Devil; Heaven bless every wise Man from the Devil.
‘twas that young Eye that tempted me to sin; Oh!--  _Bel_.
_Draws over, and represents another Room in the same House_.
--She’s gone--she’s gone--she’s gone--    [_He weeps_.
Ay, you showed her the Difference, Sir; you’re a wise man.
What makest thou here then, when the whole World’s asleep?
I’d rather hop’d you’d join’d Your Prayers with his.
_Erminia’s_ Ghost is seen, and I’m so frighted--  _Phi_.
Enter _Aminta_ like Glory, _Alcander_ representing _Honour_.
_Enter_ Scaramouch, _peeping on all sides before he enters_.
What, am I then forsaken, abandon’d by the false fair One?
I will not hide, till I know the thing that made the Verses.
I shall, Sir,--and see,--here’s your Key you look’d for.
This is, perhaps, my Rival the Apothecary.--Speak with, Sir!
Hark ye, bring me off, or I’ll discover all your Intrigue.
My Daughter never goes abroad, Sir, farther than our Garden.
Shall I not have the Joy to hear their heavenly Voices, Sir?
My Heart misgives me--Oh, I am undone and cheated every way.
4to 1677 ‘Ex.’ 1724 ‘Exit.’  p. 30, l. 33 _Scene IV.
A well-known bear so named and exhibited at the Bear Garden.
_Cotgrave_ (1611), _Ruade seiche_, a drie bob, jeast or nip.
Thomas Cheek was a well-known wit and songwriter of the day.
_Measure for Measure_, iv, II: ‘You shall find me yare’.
Davies speaks highly of his acting, even in extreme old age.
This was the name given to a well-known point in the Thames.
“A dollar! repeated Mr. Tripp, in a tone of disapproval.
What’ll you charge to shovel a path?  Chester hesitated.
“No, sir, but I have read about it—and dreamed about it.
The money received from the minister enabled him to do this.
“That used to belong to A. T. Stewart, the great merchant.
“No; it will be better for you to secure a boarding place.
“Why, this is famous, exclaimed Conrad, looking pleased.
You must win the money to pay your debt at the gaming table.
The bookkeeper met with varying success at the gaming table.
I’m not quite up to that in the present state of my funds.
Did you wish to see him?  About this Chester was in doubt.
What square is this?  They had reached Seventeenth Street.
I shall write out to a friend in Portland to buy me as many.
Perkins must be a rich man? said Mullins, interrogatively.
“Anyhow, it’s unfortunate for Chester to lose his place.
“Then he must be makin’ as much as ten in his new place.
Yes.  “Give it to me now.  “Wait till you come back.
I hear that he is     circulating reports that you are dead.
He had evidently produced a good impression on Mrs. Trimble.
In which he was disappointed, for he got only eight hundred.
James certainly had an irritating way of speaking of a book.
James Houghton designed “robes. Now Robes were the mode.
But what James lost downstairs he tried to recover upstairs.
Heaven knows what he would have done, but for Miss Pinnegar.
He saw himself making noble provision for his only daughter.
He was amiable and polite, laughed often, showing his teeth.
She seemed to see a strong mouthful of cruel, compact teeth.
They all waited for the old loving Vina to be herself again.
Alvina expected to become frightened, as the time drew near.
Every moment, in the swing, living, or active in full swing.
A lovely edelweiss—but time it was gathered into eternity.
Here was Clariss Houghton, married, and a mother—and dead.
Then again they closed—only to open again tense with pain.
The nearest relatives came down, and everything was settled.
“Drink!  Alvina sank down and laughed till she was weak.
“What will he say now? he asked, with self-satisfaction.
“Shall we have a light, Alvina? he said to his daughter.
“I’ll make my way home.  “So will I, she answered.
True enough, she still preferred to be thought of as a girl.
And he daren’t confess it to James, who, he knew, was T-T.
His waistcoat, with its grey satin back, fitted him tightly.
He had filled out—but he hadn’t developed a corporation.
Here they took the chessboard and pretended to start a game.
She had never collapsed, she had never fallen into hysteria.
He was eating his dinner, and seemed oblivious of her entry.
“She’s an impossible person.  “I see, said Alvina.
Live on three lettuce leaves, and give the rest to the char.
“Oh! he turned his eyes to heaven, and spread his hands.
Feverish but content, James shut the shop for the last time.
Mr. May had worked hard to get a program for the first week.
It was exactly the excited, crowded audience Mr. May wanted.
Always in the morning, when I was on the alert for business.
Alvina tried to fathom what the young fellow’s look meant.
And all three turned round, to find all three turning round.
La bonne demoiselle—la bonne demoiselle—elle a du coeur.
She couldn’t make heads or tails of him, and didn’t try.
Max, the only stubborn watcher, shook his head lugubriously.
Do you know that?  “I _didn’t_ know it, said Alvina.
But she was most careful never to give any room for scandal.
“I feel it is unlucky for me.  “Do you? said Alvina.
Let us swear a closer fidelity, dear Madame, our Kishwégin.
In the morning she was up betimes, sending a note to Alvina.
We are all friends, aren’t we, all the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras?
She had decided to dance the next night, the Saturday night.
“Well—not so strong as usual—but not so bad, you know.
She walked up with Mr. May, and hardly noticed he was there.
Who’s the other? Miss Pinnegar looked sharply at Alvina.
He sticks to nothing—  “How old is he? asked Alvina.
I don’t know Miss Houghton’s intentions, said Mr. May.
“You should form a company, and carry on— said Madame.
No, that’s her father’s cousin who she’s walking with.
And so everybody began to say “I’m getting tired of her.
A thousand pounds?  “Oh, it’s just possible, you know.
Mind it is not lost.  “It’s all I have, said Alvina.
Alvina unfastened her bag and counted the crisp white notes.
Only a real fear of offending Madame drove her down at last.
“Good-night all.  They rose and bowed their good-nights.
We go by the Great Central as far as the junction, together.
He covered it for one moment with his hand, then ignored it.
“You’re not asking him to stay the night, she blurted.
“Would you like to see the house? said Alvina to Ciccio.
He laid his hand on the keys of the piano, sounding a chord.
“And write the name of your father and mother, she said.
n’est-ce pas?  “Y’a place pour trois, said Ciccio.
“What would your _father_ say to this? she said sternly.
I don’t know how ever you’ll be saved, after such a sin.
Then she went upstairs, to do the bedrooms and pack her bag.
“You’ll really have to go if you are to catch the train.
There you are! Madame smiled archly, and rather mockingly.
And therefore, the next day, everything went as if by magic.
You mustn’t look, or you’re done for.  Alvina laughed.
You’re that fond of them?  “I find they agree with me.
When do you think _I_ can sit at table and digest my dinner?
He had a pleasant old square house with a big walled garden.
“We might make a tour of the Lakes before long, he said.
He was a big man in a navy blue suit, with very white teeth.
That was how it put itself to her: she would take it all on.
He smiled broadly, but with a tension of nervous excitement.
For one thing, mere curiosity made her want to see the ring.
Love me!  Alvina was absolutely dumbfounded by this scene.
She extricated her hand, and held out her engagement finger.
“You never know what men will do till you’ve known them.
He had turned with the rest, looking inquiringly at the car.
On n’entre pas— called the well-known voice of Ciccio.
From a bush at the side she pulled two sweet-smelling roses.
I want you, sang the uneasy, querulous voice of Mrs. Tuke.
And he was more angry than ever, because her watch was slow.
Alvina remained with her hair-brush suspended, watching him.
“I shall go where I like.  But slowly he shook his head.
The official scrutinized her, and asked questions of Ciccio.
Alvina got a place—but Ciccio had to stay in the corridor.
The train came to sudden halts, and stood still in the snow.
She looked at Ciccio, and he looked back at her, doubtingly.
“What are they doing?  “I don’t know, said Ciccio.
For though the fire was warm in front, behind was very cold.
But Giovanni blew on, his eyes sparkling, looking to Alvina.
Then deliberately she got out of bed and went across to him.
Well, the model had to be tied hanging on to a wooden cross.
You must never come so far alone.  “Why not? she said.
It is only for old men, he said, talking of Pescocalascio.
Pancrazio would tell Alvina about his wife and her ailments.
“I haven’t any hope, he said, in a dull, dogged voice.
But he still sat with his hands abandoned between his knees.
He writes as a poet to young men who desire to become poets.
Tully, the only orator mentioned, shares a line with Virgil.
Yet it is the most characteristic Latin rhetoric we possess.
The diction of poetry is the same as the diction of oratory.
Eratosthenes took an extreme view in seeking pleasure alone.
Thus all arts proceed from it, and rhetoric is a part of it.
That poetry did have this improving effect he is quite sure.
This is almost exactly Aristotle's phrase in the _Rhetoric_.
Autore fratre Hieronymo Savonarola (Venetiis, 1542), IV, pp.
They are necessary evils—_adet_ (custom) has made them so.
All sorts of queries and ejaculations would pass among them.
Not far on the road we heard the clatter of hoofs behind us.
Even when told the difference, our ears could not detect it.
This they would do with remarkable fluency and intelligence.
Why, thou damnable confounded Torment, wilt thou never cease?
Why, how now, Sir _Timothy_, what, up in Arms with the Women?
Yes, that he can’t deny us the very Day after his Marriage.
thou should’st begin to think of something more than Books.
_Enter one and dances an Entry, and a Jig at the end on’t_.
Nay, ‘tis time we departed then, and shifted for ourselves.
Have you sunk none indeed and indeed, my _Timmy?_  Sir _Tim_.
Readily, Sir--he’s a brave Fellow, and must not be lost so.
Persons so near of Kin do seldom prosper in the Marriage-Bed.
Then I have kneel’d--and cry’d, and swore--and--  _Phil_.
pray, for what Sin of mine must your fair Eyes be punish’d?
Art sure ‘tis not the Governor?--I’ll go lock up my Wife.
He’s safe for one dear half hour, I’ll warrant you, come.
I know you to be a Slave, and the Great _Turk’s_ Slave too.
No, Sir; safe in _Antonio Villa_, within a League of _Cadiz_.
‘Tis Example that prevails above Reason or DIVINE PRECEPTS.
Hold, remember you’re proscribed, And die if you are taken.
I’ve done, and I will live, but he shall ne’er enjoy her.
Hah--Sir _Feeble_, and Sir _Cautious_ there--what shall I do?
You cannot satisfy your Dunning Taylor, To cry--I am in Love!
But for the amorous Devil, the old _Proserpine_.--  L. _Ful_.
May all the Mischiefs of despairing Love Fall on me if it be.
tum a-me, tum a-me, I’ll undress it, effags, I will--Roguy.
I must encounter it some other way, For I will lay the Fiend.
To see _Erminia_, is not that enough To one in love, as I am?
_Enter_ Philander, Alcander, Galatea, Aminta, _and_ Falatius.
Why, I have no great skill; but they say it may be dangerous.
I felt a Poniard, and am glad I sav’d my Skin from pinking.
Here, take my Keys,    [_Pulls out his Keys, one falls down_.
--Yes, _Elaria_, this is prepar’d to entertain two Princes.
4 to 1687 ‘Rosacrucian.’  p. 400, l. 16 _Ma tres chère_.
It is especially found in public school and university slang.
His mother looked at him in surprise as he entered the house.
“Do you knew Mr. Fairchild? he at length asked, abruptly.
But you must buy me a package of cigarettes.  “Very well.
“However, he’ll soon break over his virtuous resolutions.
“I come from Mr. Fairchild’s office, explained Chester.
“Is he sick or in pain? asked Chester, in quick sympathy.
“Ernest has found a friend, Margaret, said the professor.
“You might set up a jeweler’s store, suggested Chester.
From motives of prudence I only risked five dollars at first.
Savagely I threw down the remaining five and won twenty-five.
I told him you were satisfied with your position in the city.
They must have cost him altogether as much as thirty dollars.
He had only been asked to inquire if Mr. Perkins had arrived.
“Are you Chester Rand? he asked, in a high-pitched voice.
I’ve seen the town of Tacoma, where you’ve got five lots.
Have you heard from Fairchild yet?  “No; it isn’t time.
I am discharged.  “What! exclaimed Arthur, in surprise.
He received at his lodgings the following letter:      “MR.
It is backed by sufficient capital to     insure its success.
I may be able to do better afterward.  Chester was dazzled.
They were fortunate enough to win the approval of the editor.
“Did you hear anything of him? Mrs. Rand naturally asked.
It wasn’t true, but it was only an excuse to get rid of me.
“What’s the matter, Felix? he said, as the boy entered.
“Meanwhile you are out of money, I suppose, said Chester.
“Let me advise you to take some soup first, said Chester.
“Now I’ll answer your questions, said Nathaniel Wilson.
He says he has not had anyone to     suit him since you left.
“Of course, the son being dead, it won’t count.  “Mr.
“Edward! she exclaimed, and half rising, opened her arms.
To donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate  Section 5.
In her way, Miss Pinnegar was very different from Miss Frost.
In her own way, she was as loyal and unselfish as Miss Frost.
James Houghton’s shop was regarded as a weekly comic issue.
But, becoming used to disillusionment, he almost welcomed it.
But a mining population scorned such dirt, as they called it.
The name Connection Meadow was forgotten within three months.
She seemed to nestle into the well-known surety of Woodhouse.
He semed to have no thought, no feeling for the girl herself.
She went through her training experiences like another being.
For a moment she surged in massive, inhuman, female strength.
There was something chaste, and noble, and war-like about it.
In short, he should have been somebody else, and not himself.
Remarkable how little trace her mother left—hardly a trace.
Going into the Liquor Vaults at ten o’clock in the morning!
“If you create a supply you create a demand, he retorted.
She imagined him a taller, more fascinating, educated Arthur.
“I’ll stroll up with you, if you don’t mind, he said.
She heard her father’s step at last tripping down the shop.
“What has _he_ got to do with you? said James shrewishly.
“What do you do on Sunday nights as a rule? he asked her.
“It’s many a day since I was on this railroad, he said.
It was a nasty cut bruise, swelling and looking very painful.
“I’ve made up my mind about Albert Witham, said Alvina.
Then he would take her to South Africa: a whole new _milieu_.
Mr. May turned in to the Derby Hotel to have a small whiskey.
They found one barren patch where two caravans were standing.
The next morning he was ringing for his tea at six o’clock.
That’s Missis’ sister.  “The Three Bells—thank you.
“And which is the way to the station here? asked Mr. May.
“Father might almost have sold him the suit, said Alvina.
But Miss Pinnegar, the engine of wrath, felt she would burst.
“Buying a cinema show—and that man we saw is his manager.
“For in Spooney-ooney Island Is there any one cares for me?
None the less, Mr. May was dependable in matters of business.
“Oh, father’s in his eye-holes, said Alvina to Mr. May.
We’n come ter hear t’ parson.  Theme for endless jokes.
There’s six nights to a week. James was properly snubbed.
In vain the boy most pertinently yelled “Chot-let at her.
On wet nights Woodhouse did not care to trail down to Lumley.
They didn’t care a straw who you were or who you weren’t.
I’ll see if there’s a fire in the bedroom, said Alvina.
Geoffrey obediently went out with a lantern to the coal-shed.
But in vain Louis lifted Ciccio’s shoulders from the table.
“Wake up, said Alvina, laughing, pressing his hand again.
You should see her dance round the bear, when I bring him in!
He glanced at her to see what she meant, what she understood.
James too started with a cry, the mob at the corner screamed.
The cavalcade fell into a trot, Mr. May shaking rather badly.
“That is to say, to me, from an uncivilized German pig, ah?
Without him the company is ruined—until I get a substitute.
It is a little more than a year since we came to Knarborough.
He did not care very much whether he found his friend or not.
But for the sake of my honour, finish this week at Woodhouse.
“You’ll come with me to the door, she said to Geoffrey.
Ciccio was just putting on the outer cover of his front tire.
“What have I said all along?  James was laid on the sofa.
James started and muttered, but did not regain consciousness.
Near the gate, near his bicycle, was a corner made by a shed.
And she went about for the rest of the day elusive and vague.
It came with a great storm of wind and rain and hail: a fury.
Alvina sat listless, musing, by the fire in the drawing-room.
He will want to rise, by you, and you will go down, with him.
“He can’t rise much because of me, can he?  “How not?
Madame went into the drawing-room to smoke her sly cigarette.
Really, I don’t know at all— Mr. May was most freezing.
But the question was, how much did “everything amount to?
“Tell him what sort of a bag, Miss Houghton, said Madame.
“To say that you have so much money, and hope to have more.
So she fancies it.  “Can we pay her expenses? said Max.
Alvina stooped and crouched under the right arm of Pacohuila.
I don’t like ’em comin’ in an’ goin’ out, you know.
“I’d better fetch some things, hadn’t I? said Alvina.
His remoteness, his southernness, something velvety and dark.
He laughed too, and picked up her bag as if it were a bubble.
Geoffrey was standing monumental between her and the company.
He opened his mouth slightly and lifted his head up and down.
Fortunately for them, Madame had seen to their table-manners.
In the bath-room he turned on the old-fashioned, silver taps.
She knew she would have to break her own trance of obstinacy.
Perhaps even something might be done about the cinematograph.
She felt she could not, she could not cut off every resource.
He took to the attentive study of his finger-nails once more.
Everything is under seal to be sold to pay off what is owing.
The house and the furniture and everything got to be sold up?
None the less, she also felt as if she had been knocked down.
To find a job, eh?  His cuteness startled her for a moment.
“What barrow-load of poison is that! repeated the doctor.
She felt, if she knew where they were, she would fly to them.
I may be moved any day now.  “Well—! said the matron.
“Oh, but so many things happen outside one’s imagination.
It might just as well—  Alvina would laugh and get tired.
Alvina was aware of nothing—only of the presence of Ciccio.
Gleams, flashes, noises and then at last the frenzy of Paris.
His face was pale, he had that sombre, haunted, unhappy look.
She was thinking how she would be “more comfortable here.
Then he disappeared, returning in a few moments with the ass.
Pancrazio returned with the lantern, and opened the big door.
There were two high white beds on opposite sides of the room.
She felt vaguely that Ciccio was miserable, and wondered why.
And then, screaming high in dialect, Maria would talk to her.
And she stood with her hand to her side, her face frightened.
She saw the snow-ridges flare with evening, beyond his cheek.
She sat and cried over the first she found: heaven knows why.
Death and eternity were settled down on her as she sat alone.
“If you make up your mind to come back, you will come back.
To donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate  Section 5.
For these purposes only a reasonable ‘aid’ may be levied.
For these purposes only a reasonable ‘aid’ may be levied.
To donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate  Section 5.
Webbe, it is true, was a pedant, but certainly not a scholar.
The special treasure   Of new invencion, of ydleness the foo!
Butcher, _Aristotle's Theory of Poetry and Fine Art_, p. 123.
by G. Mari, _Romanische Forschungen_ (1902), XIII, p. 883 ff.
deor._ i, 15-38 ff., and Hatch, _Hibbert Lectures_, 1888, Ch.
Vossius echoes the same idea from the same rhetorical source.
In their relations with the men the women are extremely free.
The mention of the mutessarif’s name awakened only a sneer.
Far from being an assistance, our zaptiehs proved a nuisance.
We were suddenly aroused by the rumbling of thunder below us.
We spent the following night in the German operator’s room.
Fortunately, no bones were broken, and the load was replaced.
Being without such protection we suffered both day and night.
Maize, wheat, and rice were growing, but rather low and thin.
They kept shouting for us to ride, but would give us no room.
FROM A PHOTOGRAPH SENT TO THE AUTHORS BY THE PRIME MINISTER.]
_Sharp_,  | _Trusty_, An old Steward to _Bellmour’s_ Family.
Why, dost think I’ll be confin’d to my own dull Enclosure?
Was it so kindly done, to gain my Sister Without my knowledge?
Are your Stomachs so queasy, that Cheat won’t down with you?
Sir, this is a Put-off: resolve quickly, or I’ll compel you.
Ye all doat upon him, but he’s not the Man you take him for.
Who art thou that dar’st lay a Claim to ought that’s here?
Here are too many to encounter, and I’ll defer my Vengeance.
_Enter Sir_ Timothy, Sham _and_ Sharp, _with Fidlers and Boy_.
Because I’m mad, Mad as a Tygress rob’d of her dear Young.
He’s impatient of your coming, and waits at home on purpose.
Yes, up to my Chamber, to write an answer to this dear Letter.
Hey day;--what, is he not young and handsome enough, forsooth?
Come nearer, Friend; dost think thou canst manage a Plot well?
Go, go, and pray be satisfyed with my eternal Love.--  _Fran_.
for Heaven’s sake, my Lord, do not expose your noble Person.
And yet a _Sultana_ is a tempting thing--    [_Aside smiling_.
A slice of each, perhaps, as he finds his Appetite inclin’d.
Well, Sir, since you have found it out, I’ll own my Passion.
Very excellent Stuff, if you have but the Grace to improve it.
Hum, Shades below!--I am not prepared for such a Journey, Sir.
What Reason never can bestow,   We to this useful Passion owe.
Cease your Wonder, cease your Pain,   Human Fancy is in vain_.
Hah!--old Sir _Feeble Fainwou’d_--why, where the Devil am I?
How now, _Ralph_--Let your Lady know I am come to wait on her.
Sometimes as a blind Man, sells Switches in _New-Market_ Road.
I’ll set it at a Throw, or any way: what say you, Gentlemen?
You may chance to be a Cuckold for nothing, Sir--  Sir _Feeb_.
That, Sir, will all that know you, both in the Court and Camp.
The Song for the _Page_ to sing at _Erminia’s_ Chamber-door.
_Enter_ Falatius, Labree, _as passing by they meet_ Cleontius.
Yes, but I can, and take it from thee, if I thought it did so.
This was worse than the fright _Alcander_ put Me into by much.
Thou’rt still in Tune, when wilt thou be tame, _Bellemante_?
--The little Deity that will be seen But only in his Miracles.
_Out of a great Curiosity,   A Shepherd this implor’d of me.
Ha,--Is that Imagination too?--Betray’d, betray’d, undone!
I am not ignorant of the Custom, Sir, but what’s that to me.
Why, for passing, Sir, with any of the before-named Carriages.
He runs between,     and with his Cane beats the Swords down_.
Sir, as an Honour done the Emperor, I take your Ring and Gold.
1724 ‘is let down ... plays.’  p. 305, l. 29 _The Palace_.
Nell Gwynne and Moll Davis were noted for the dancing of Jigs.
I, p. 449, _Snick-a-Snee, The Dutch Lover_, iii, III (p, 278).
66), 10 September, 1709, speaks of Alsatia ‘now in ruins’.
Sir Guy of Warwick is an old slang name for a sword; a rapier.
To donate, please visit: https://pglaf.org/donate   Section 5.
The execution is a minor matter.  Chester looked thoughtful.
He told me he washed his hands of me.  Chester looked sober.
“He must have the money about him, suggested the minister.
“Yes, Mr. Tripp.  “I can’t understand it, for my part.
The distance by rail from Wyncombe to New York is fifty miles.
They went up two flights to the front room on the third floor.
And how do you like my quarters?  “They are very pleasant.
“I will go in and introduce you.  They entered the office.
“No.  “When will he be in?  “Can’t say, I am sure.
You had better get intimate with him and offer him cigarettes.
Obviously the receipt belonged to James Long, who had lost it.
“I guess you are used to babies, said the mother, pleased.
“I would, but I am to meet a friend uptown at six o’clock.
Though well convinced of it, he wished to find out positively.
I should have seen them if he left them here.  “All right.
He has tried two boys since, but doesn’t seem to get suited.
But how did he happen to call on you?  “There you have me.
He felt that his absent employer ought to be notified at once.
He heard the question, and quickly comprehended the situation.
He wished this to be an agreeable surprise at some future day.
About six o’clock one afternoon Chester knocked at his door.
My mother is naturally cautious, and would not give it to him.
“How much is the fare to Tacoma from this point? he asked.
Besides, he only says he did not see him after the boat upset.
It was clear that adversity had strengthened and improved him.
And yet, his curious refinement and enthusiasm bore them away.
But still he believed in his own excellence: and quite justly.
She brought in flowers and books, and, very rarely, a visitor.
Luckily, he sold one machine and even gained two pounds on it.
“What! said a collier to his wife: “have we got no coal?
He suggested that he and Alvina should marry before he sailed.
Alvina announced her intention of breaking off her engagement.
And having rapped it out, she prepared herself to stick to it.
“Oh well, if she _does_— said Miss Pinnegar cryptically.
They pinched her haunches and attacked her in unheard-of ways.
She was beaten by fate, as far as chastity and virginity went.
And in her civilian clothes she seemed a little dowdy, shabby.
Why, in the name of all the free heavens, have human criteria?
“I can’t see what it is to laugh at, said Miss Pinnegar.
That’s where he gets his ideas—out of whiskey—or brandy!
This was the Withams’ new house, and Lottie was proud of it.
_Still_, she was rather impressed by the sense of superiority.
But some sort of _terror_ hunted her to the search of a lover.
His teeth were sound, but rather large and yellowish and flat.
These were his children—most curious chips of the old block.
She liked taking a walk, in her lingering indifferent fashion.
“It would do you good to get a bit of exercise out of doors.
He mounted the steps, still holding his bunch of white stocks.
He remained standing in the porch, staring at the closed door.
“Well, said Miss Pinnegar decidedly, as Alvina re-entered.
He annoyed her a little, by being completely oblivious of her.
And she, obedient, began to tie the bandage with numb fingers.
She was keen to cut clean through any correspondence with him.
“And is there need to understand the other?  “Certainly.
He would accept the ten pounds; but he would get his own back.
“Don’t you want your dinner, Alvina? she said at length.
They wanted to examine my private morals, for eugenic reasons.
“I hope you’ll go further than _thinking_, said Mr. May.
He sorted them in heaps, and marked the heaps in his own mind.
“How did it go?  “I think it went very well, she said.
I know they like them once they’re there, and they see them.
I can dance today.  “I don’t think today, said Alvina.
“You won’t have to dance, said Geoffrey out of the bear.
I am practical impractically— she stumbled over the words.
Yet for the first time her black eyes dilated and became warm.
But perhaps to you it is kind.  “Thank you, said Alvina.
There was not all peace in the Natcha-Kee-Tawara group either.
“Geoffrey ought to know, said Madame, looking at Geoffrey.
His face seemed colourless, neutral-tinted and expressionless.
She heard Miss Pinnegar’s scarcely audible step approaching.
I wouldn’t think of it. He turtled like an injured pigeon.
“What makes you feel so sure about it?  “I don’t know.
He looked up, with a faint smile, from under his black lashes.
And will you hang your coat in the hall? she said to Ciccio.
“At any rate I know now, she said, in rather a flat voice.
Ay, she was a lot more of a mother to her than her own mother.
“And if there is nothing, what do you intend? said Madame.
Then she looked up, with a slow, subtle, rather jeering smile.
But a hundred and twenty is better than a blow to the eye, eh?
“Old paste—old paste—antique—  “No, said Alvina.
Then she looked into Alvina’s eyes, really a little jealous.
“L’allée italienne! he said, and shouted with laughter.
Then, with a slight flourish, she presented the key to Ciccio.
Alvina looked brightly, as if bewildered, from one to another.
Then the men shook hands warmly with Ciccio, murmuring to him.
So she climbed weakly up the dusty, drab stairs, he following.
And he seemed to throw her down and suffocate her like a wave.
It was not a warm morning, but there was a streak of sunshine.
Perhaps the debts cover every bit of it.  “Don’t say so!
Well, all we can do after that is to wish her success in love.
“And where are the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras this week? he asked.
She turned off the gas at the meter, and went upstairs to bed.
She saw the light in his eyes fix determinedly, and he nodded.
When she could lie still she turned away from him, still mute.
“I am staying with friends, here and there, for a few weeks.
“I’m afraid there is nothing very pleasant, unfortunately.
In fact, some of them will be less badly off than they feared.
I must go this afternoon.  “On account of your engagement?
You know I mean what I say, Mrs. Larrick—this to the wife.
“You couldn’t have anything more wholesome and nourishing.
More cumbers I sell, more graft for you, ’cordin’ to that.
He could have kissed her feet in an ecstasy of wild expansion.
He made no definite advances till he had put a plain question.
“Oh, it will be over in six weeks, said the doctor easily.
Don’t think about it.  He caught her hand and clung to it.
“I shall _never_ marry him.  “Ah, never is a long while!
‘_O Richard, O mon roi!_’—  But the music had stopped.
Nothing will sing if you’re there, called the young woman.
Nurse!— came the long call of Mrs. Tuke through the night.
Then she shuddered, and dabbed her nose with her handkerchief.
Do let me see him.  “Do you really want to? said Alvina.
Ciccio shifted on his feet, watching Alvina pour out the port.
He turned immediately, with his cap in his hand, and followed.
“If you have to be torn to pieces by forces, well, you have.
However, her month’s notice was up, so she was legally free.
He pointed to the harbour clock—it was ten minutes past ten.
It was strange to feel the seethe of war and dread in the air.
She half pitied Alvina, and was more than half jealous of her.
So she drank some of the wine, and it dribbled on to her chin.
“I couldn’t get a cart to come down, he said in English.
“They are doing some washing, said Pancrazio, explanatory.
In the distance was a darkness of bushes, along the far shore.
Pancrazio seized the leading rope angrily and turned upstream.
And then again they struck off to the right, under some trees.
It was difficult—but the food was good, and the fire blazed.
There was room only for three on the settle before the hearth.
They loved her that she would strip maize-cobs or pick acorns.
Ciccio would have to take her to England again, or to America.
They were all talking, in the bright clear air of the morning.
“If you are very long, she said, “I shall go to England.
In the twilight he came to her, when she could hardly see him.
The Content of Classical Rhetoric Carried over into Logic   2.
To the Greeks and Romans rhetoric meant the theory of oratory.
In this sense the act of the poet may well be called creation.
It is concerned with the use both of the voice and of gesture.
Congruity (as pertaining more to grammar) he does not discuss.
Gascoigne and James attempted no more than manuals of prosody.
Consequently the Greeks   call this sort of thing allegory....
But he is nearer the truth who   calls all of these metaphors.
In a later book Boethius gives a clearer key to the objection.
They differed only because they used different kinds of proof.
The title page says it was written fyrst in Latin--by Erasmus.
298-304, for a good account of reformed versifying in England.
To donate, please visit: https://pglaf.org/donate   Section 5.
These Yuraks are the nomadic portion of the Turkish peasantry.
Planting our ice-hooks deep in the snow behind us, we started.
Even the two donkeys were on hand to give us a welcoming bray.
His private life is rather unconventional and even democratic.
We now had to prepare for a forced march in case of necessity.
_Jenny_,  |  Two Whores _Doll_,   | _Nurse_, Ladies and Guests.
_Enter_ Friendlove, Bellmour, _Sir_ Timothy, Sham, _and_ Sharp.
I assure you, Sir _Timothy_, I am sorry, and will chastise her.
Not speak to her, not look on her--by Heaven--not think of her.
No, no, there’s no need of that--Good-morrow, my best Friend.
--But, Sir--when I shall tell you who I’ve married--  _Lord_.
where is the Priest that durst dispose of you without my Order?
Have a care, Sir--by Fortune, I shall fight with a little more.
Companion to young _Friendlove_, that came lately from _Italy_?
Well, well, get your selves in order to go up to the Gentlemen.
No, I am not in humour for a Wench-- By Heaven, I hate the Sex.
Come, Sir, let me--                        [_Throws and loses_.
If all our Laws can do’t, I will--for here Ends all my Claim.
Be not so hasty in your Goodness, Sir, Lest you repent as fast.
_Guzman_, have you not observ’d this Fellow I am speaking of.
A thing that looks for him you name--_Jacinta_;--are you alone?
Right, I heard him say so; in the Galley that lies in the Port.
I have with pleasant Gardens, Grotto’s, Waterworks.--  _Car_.
All, all, Sir, are ready, and his Lordship’s breakfast waits.
_Runs raging up and down the Stage with his Sword in his hand_.
So, so, she’s condemn’d; oh, damn’d _Mahometan_ Cannibal!
Which Virtue, before I’ll lose, I’ll die a thousand Deaths.
Sure, I am not mistaken, this is the House of my Son _Antonio_.
--This is _Leticia’s_ Father’s House--    [_Looking about_.
She’ll learn the trick, and practise it the better with thee.
That is to say, a Knave, according to his Notion of a wise Man.
Sir, here’s a young Gentleman without wou’d speak with you.
You gutling Rascal, you are enough to breed a Famine in a Land.
And I will to this Wedding, I’m sure of seeing _Julia_ there.
I shall be rich again--and then, my dearest Landlady--  _Land_.
But I may ask, how ‘tis I ought to pay for this great Bounty.
Thy native Modesty and my Industry Shall well enough secure us.
What Tricks the young Baggages have to whet a man’s Appetite?
--Well, come, Brother--many such things are done--  Sir _Feeb_.
Sir _Feeble_!--he would not, Sir, have us’d me thus unkindly.
False Man, I do believe it, And I am satisfied you love me not.
But leave this fond discourse, and, if you must, Let us to Bed.
How--lash my filthy Carcase?--I defy thee, Satan--  Sir _Feeb_.
But Aphara had not yet hit upon her brilliant vein of intrigue.
_Enter_ Erminia _in her Night-gown, and_ lsillia _with Lights_.
This, if thou wert a Man, she bad thee do, Why dost thou shake?
_Enter_ Pisaro, _and_ Erminia _drest like an Angel with Wings_.
Scaramouch, _his Man_,                               Mr. _Lee_.
And hast thou delivered my Letter to his Nephew, Don _Cinthio_?
Ay, that would be worthy of thy Brain; prithee what?--  _Scar_.
--Oh, what a dear ravishing thing is the beginning of an Amour!
Charmante _puts the Glass into the Mouth     of the Telescope_.
_feels the Point of it, and shrinks back, letting go his Hand_.
Who the Devil cou’d that be that pull’d me from the Closet?
Is this the Reward I have for being so diligent since you went?
hum--It is indeed a Stately Piece of Work; how came I by ‘em?
Sir, Sir, here’s the rare Philosopher who was here yesterday.
Most true, Sir, and that facilitates the Journey _per Viscera_.
_Enter to him_ Harlequin, _dress’d like a Farmer, as before_.
A City Apothecary, a most genteel Calling--Which shall I chuse?
After which, the       Negroes dance and mingle in the_ Chorus.
A quick, lively dance frequently referred to in old dramatists.
Numerous examples are to be found amongst the Roxburgh Ballads.
A common corruption of harpsicords on the analogy of virginals.
He saw Abel come out with some packages to carry to a customer.
“I thank you very much for your kind hospitality, he began.
“Well, I have an idea, answered Abel, in a mysterious tone.
As they passed Lord & Taylor’s, a lady came out of the store.
“What? queried the bookkeeper, evidently taken by surprise.
I suppose he found it and kept the money, he added, bitterly.
The shriek comes, so the doctor tells us, from a nervous spasm.
She paused on the threshold, and her looks showed her surprise.
I am quite flattered at the opportunity of posing as a teacher.
“Yes; he has just bought a new suit, a new hat and new shoes.
“In about two weeks, Mr. Fairchild is going West on business.
It was really a diamond, and he had often found it serviceable.
He saw in it a proof of the friendly relations between the two.
Is Tiffany’s near here?  “Yes, sir; only two blocks away.
“Ye-es.  “How did you know that I was coming to New York?
“I will only say that I am glad to meet you.  “Thank you!
“You are misinformed about my wanting to locate in this city.
When he was turned twenty-one I was worth ten thousand dollars.
Usually the bookkeeper did not show up till half an hour later.
But you haven’t told me why you were ‘bounced.’  “Mr.
“Go after him! he said, in a low voice, indicating Ralston.
He will be so angry with me.  “I think he will have reason.
“It’s a—lie! exclaimed the gambler, but he turned pale.
“Are you sick?  “Yes, sick at heart, was the sad reply.
He attributed this to my influence over her, but it was not so.
“That’s what’s the matter with me, rejoined Mr. Wilson.
Before he started from New York he called to see Mr. Fairchild.
That shows he is satisfied with you.  “I try to please him.
“‘I shall not require your services any longer,’ he said.
She wants to ask you a few questions.  Floyd made a wry face.
“I hope I see you well, ma’am, he said, bobbing his head.
“About three weeks, answered Floyd, in an embarrassed tone.
I feel that I have done you injustice, and I want to repair it.
I have been assisted by a fortunate investment in outside lots.
What he failed to perceive was that the crowd hated excellence.
The whole morale of the house rested immediately on Miss Frost.
But still, the two unprotected ones must be sheltered from him.
He had desisted from “creations. Time now for a new flight.
He decided it was better to be a manufacturer than a tradesman.
He carried home a rough and pinkish brick, and gloated over it.
The square green emerald on her finger was almost non-sensical.
It was as if she found her busy contact with life a strain now.
Inwardly, Miss Frost shuddered, and abstained from questioning.
She liked his fine, slim limbs, and his exaggerated generosity.
There was an inflexible fate within her, which shaped her ends.
Her own inscrutable nature was her fate: sore against her will.
And Alvina cried also: she did not quite know why or wherefore.
“It takes his sort to make all sorts. It took her sort too.
It would bubble and stir in them as earthquakes stir the earth.
In her silence her soul was alone with the soul of her darling.
And Alvina and Miss Pinnegar might move about and talk in vain.
And then he came out with the most original of all his schemes.
He’s out of his mind—and it’s drink; that’s what it is!
As soon as James came in to a meal, the two women attacked him.
She would pitch her dead negative will obstinately against him.
He knew he would have to sacrifice Miss Pinnegar’s work-room.
Lottie Witham came to tea, and was shown over Manchester House.
She began to laugh nervously and hurriedly at the very thought.
“No, it’s not that! hurriedly expostulated Miss Pinnegar.
“Father is in.  “Yes, I don’t mind, he said, pleased.
“Do you think so? he replied, again with the excited smile.
So she brought him a light, whilst he examined his broken shin.
“That gives you what for, he said, as if it were her fault.
At the bottom of the stairs Calladine, the caretaker, met them.
Now Mr. May’s mind, though quick, was pedestrian, not winged.
“With a month’s notice on either hand? continued Mr. May.
“What can he have been doing? said Alvina when he had gone.
And the things she said reminded Alvina so often of Miss Frost.
don’t you think so? And he rolled his eyes oddly to heaven.
But it merely meant that James was having the time of his life.
It was not till later in the evening that he relaxed this rule.
The film is only pictures, like pictures in the _Daily Mirror_.
The chemist was gone to Chapel—he wouldn’t open till eight.
Meanwhile Alvina took her plump white wrist and felt her pulse.
Alvina brushed out the long black hair, and plaited it lightly.
Mrs. Rollings is warming a blanket—  Alvina ran downstairs.
He did not say a word, but held aloof as he walked with Alvina.
“You are an Englishwoman, severe and materialist, she said.
“Come! said Madame, stretching out her plump jewelled hand.
“You are better, dear Madame? he said, smiling long at her.
The morning was faintly sunny, after the sleet and bad weather.
Ciccio springs forward and stabs the bear, then closes with it.
It was wonderful how well the men played their different parts.
“I do think you go on in the most unattractive way sometimes.
On the contrary, I think it is unkind for you also, this place.
“You see I didn’t care for the Woodhouse young men, either.
“Excuse my intruding on your mirth! He looked archly round.
He flicked off the ash of his cigarette with his little finger.
His hand started, dropped the cigarette, but was not withdrawn.
“I say, Cic’— he said, “why did you change the scene?
Try.  “I know they are, said Alvina, laughing confusedly.
She looked forward to his coming as to a visit from the troupe.
“I’m all right, I tell you, said James, his eyes flaring.
“Yes, she whispered involuntarily, soulless, like a victim.
“Oh my dear, we shall be too much—  “No, said Alvina.
Francesco Marasca—Neapolitan.  “Marasca! echoed Alvina.
There were substantial bills owing on account of the Endeavour.
That is too rich.  Max went off into a high and ribald laugh.
“I’m afraid I shall never be particular enough, she said.
“Please don’t come, she said, turning at the street door.
She preferred his tawny eyes with their black brows and lashes.
And a good-humoured, half-mocking smile came over his face too.
And all the time he watched her curiously, from his large eyes.
“I didn’t know there’d be two of you, was her greeting.
“Ciccio came to carry my bag.  “Oh, said Miss Pinnegar.
“You are going to take a hand?  “Cards on Sunday evening!
And you two are cycling back to the camp of Kishwégin tonight?
She doesn’t want a tame bear. He smiled down on his friend.
“I will give you another pillow.  She led the way upstairs.
“Perhaps you would rather decide later.  “No, she said.
She knew her own position with the troupe would be humiliating.
She wanted to go away from them all—from them all—for ever.
Then she sent Max over to Mansfield, on some fictitious errand.
No doubt about it, the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras were under suspicion.
“There is the money—so—and so—and so—that is correct.
She had no serious acquaintance with anybody, she was too busy.
“You look tired this morning, he barked at her one hot day.
“My business is what’s wrong with the stomach it goes into.
But there was no mistake, Dr. Mitchell was beginning to expand.
There was quite a stir in the town over the declaration of war.
He went into the matron’s room, and asked for Nurse Houghton.
“But put that aside, he smiled again, a little dangerously.
It will be the proudest day of my life when I make you my wife.
Every one looked round, including the laden, tramping soldiers.
The matron had known Walter Pater, in the somewhat remote past.
His throbbing, muscular power seemed completely to envelop her.
“I understood one line, said Effie, making big eyes at him.
“I shall have to go back to her. And she held out her hand.
You’re just at the mercy of _Forces_, she shrieked angrily.
“Oh God, it’s an accursed fugue! cried the bemused Tommy.
There she sat, stranded in the dismalness, and knew no way out.
She waited a long time for the train from the north to come in.
Ciccio looked up and down for Pancrazio, but could not see him.
It was a little hole with an earthen floor and a smell of cats.
They came down to the level valley bed, and went rolling along.
She was lost to Woodhouse, to Lancaster, to England—all lost.
These he placed on the seat of the settle in front of the fire.
There was a battered photograph of Lord Leighton, among others.
Two men stood below, amid the crumbling of finely falling snow.
“They will come every day now, till Christmas, said Ciccio.
‘Yes!’ I said, ‘I will.’ So he tied me up on the cross.
There, in the level region, boys were snowballing and shouting.
‘Aids’ from the city of London are to be treated similarly.
The style cultivated by this focus is ornamental and elaborate.
Chapter VI  Logic and Rhetoric in the English Renaissance    1.
The English renaissance never entirely evacuated this position.
There is no such pinch   peney on live as this good fellowe is.
Meter he deemed essential to poetry,[261] but rime he disliked.
In fact, he never quite got over being a professor of rhetoric.
To Boethius, weeping in prison, came Philosophy to console him.
They may be vain, dissolute or wanton, but not very scandalous.
BEYOND THE BOSPORUS                                     1   II.
THE ASCENT OF MOUNT ARARAT                             43  III.
THROUGH PERSIA TO SAMARKAND                            83   IV.
It was passed around, and explained and commented on at length.
In the absence of guides we were thrown upon our own resources.
The praying-mats were spread, and all heads bowed toward Mecca.
Everything was swept away before this surging wave of humanity.
“Are you the two Americans? he asked in an agitated manner.
But the wrenching the machine thus received soon began to tell.
Why, welcome to Town, i’faith, and I’m glad to see you both.
That the old People have agreed the matter, is more than I know.
No, she that is mine, I will teach to entertain at another rate.
I know she cannot, And Heav’n forbid that I should injure her.
Well, Sir, if this be true, _Celinda_ will be glad of you again.
Well, I grant it a Mistake, and that shall reprieve the Windows.
The Writings of 3000 pounds a Year: --All this I got by Perjury.
And can you think there are no ways For me to gratify that Love?
Mrs. _Driver_, why shou’d you send for us where _Flauntit_ is?
Ha, ha, ha,--Sir _Timothy_, come hither--who dost think this is?
Is that sad Curse Added to all the rest?--Does he then love her?
But yet the Office of the Priest has past: What Remedy for that?
Madam, I fear he follow’d me after I had given him the Letter.
But you are always ready for him, my dear victorious Man-slayer.
Um, why, what have we here, pert Mrs. _Jacinta_ and the _Bassa_?
Ay, take it, the trifling sum will serve to buy our Honour Pins.
why, what a Pox, may not a man speak with his own Lady and Wife?
What, those Eyes, those lovely Eyes, that wounded you so deeply?
Why, e’en for High Treason, Sir, he killed one of their Kings.
How, Sir, not to Church, the chiefest Recreation of a City Lady?
Was it so--was it so?--Got so, by no means, _Francis_.--  _Let_.
So, Cousin, I see you have found the way to Mrs. _Dy’s_ Heart.
_Once about him let us move,       To confirm him true to Love_.
Come, come, Sir _Feeble_, ‘tis many an honest Man’s Fortune.
Ha, ha, ha, ‘twas even so, sure enough, Brother--  Sir _Feeb_.
The Rogue has damn’d luck sure, he has got a Fly--  Sir _Cau_.
what’s the matter you look so like an Ass, what have you lost?
a Pox of the Devil, Man--I can’t attend to speak with him now.
Sir, I cry his Devilship’s Pardon: I did not know his Quality.
_She discover’d undrest at her Glass; Sir_ Cautious _undrest_.
_Enter_ Aminta _as passing over the Stage, is stayed by_ Olinda.
away, you have no wit, I’ll say as much to every pretty Woman.
_Enter_ Galatea _and_ Aminta, _met by_ Philander _and_ Alcander.
This will not serve to convince me, But you have lov’d before.
Love is a surly and a lawless Devil, And will not answer Reason.
I left him in a quarrel with _Alcander_, And hear him coming up.
Upon my knees I’ll beg you’ll be conceal’d,    [_A noise_.
--No, no, I durst not-- But as devoutest Pilgrims do the Shrine.
Enter two more representing _Mars_ and _Pallas_, bow and go out.
Come, Sir, I am a kind of Prophet, And can interpret Dreams too.
_to the Vice-Roy, and Lovers of_ Elaria _and_     Mr. _Mumford_.
Dost know how precious time is, and dost thou fool it away thus?
I have his Trinkets here to play upon him, which shall be ready.
To keep up your Humour, here’s a Letter from your _Charmante_.
_Cinthio_ and I, are contriving   how we shall see you to Night.
_After the Musick has plaid, enter_ Elaria; _to her_ Bellemante.
Your Lovers have a very good Fancy, Cousin, I long to see ‘em.
All previous editions read ‘Then thou’ which makes no sense.
I have supplied this, which does not occur in previous editions.
4to 1687 has ‘The End of the First Act.’ 1724 gives nothing.
4to 1690 and 1724, which I have preferred to 1671 ’.ov’d’.
Banter = to chaff or make fun of, at this time a new slang word.
Davenant and Dryden’s alteration of _The Tempest_, Act iv, sc.
John Shurley’s version was published 4to, 1681 and again 1685.
A corrupt form (perhaps only in these passages) of bouts-rimés.
To spitchcock is to split lengthwise, as an eel, and then broil.
Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at https://pglaf.org/fundraising.
General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
It cheered him to think he was earning something, however small.
But—perhaps your parents might object.  “I have no father.
When he tendered the five-dollar bill Silas Tripp looked amazed.
He didn’t pay you much wages, though.  “No; he feels poor.
It will take all you can earn to pay your own way in a big city.
“You are going to live in New York, aren’t you? asked Rob.
“Your future employer is Clement Fairchild, said the artist.
Business men sometimes have a prejudice against outside workers.
A boy needs more pocket money now than he did fifteen years ago.
There seemed to be more books than Chester had ever seen before.
“You ought to wear spectacles, he said, “like uncle Edgar.
Perhaps his friend the artist helps him.  “No, he doesn’t.
“Can I sell you a house this morning?  “Well, not exactly.
What sort of a boy is Felix?  “I don’t know him very well.
Then you will earn more money from him.  “Thank you, Arthur.
What would Silas Tripp say to that or his enemy, the bookkeeper.
“Where do you wish me to work? asked Chester, after a pause.
He lost no time in securing it and moving his few belongings in.
To us it is not important, as we have plenty of capital offered.
Perhaps he’ll know of some cheap place where I can get dinner.
We can chat for an hour, and then go to dinner.  “Thank you.
“Well, Mullins, said the gambler, “I am getting impatient.
Better send Felix to the bank.  “Better wait a little while.
I wouldn’t have seen you suffer.  “I didn’t like to ask.
He was feeling rather depressed when Chester came into his room.
“I ought to go out there, but you know how small my salary is.
“That means a glass of whisky, doesn’t it? returned Floyd.
“I will not utterly ignore him.  “Very well, Mrs. Trimble.
She stepped into Silas Tripp’s store to buy a pound of butter.
The widder says she’s comin’ back, but I don’t believe it.
Between you and me, Mr. Tripp, I wonder that she stayed so long.
She developed heart disease, as a result of nervous repressions.
The white hair was not at all tragical: it was a family _trait_.
Meanwhile the shops began to take on a hopeless and frowsy look.
So that the superintendency of the Sunday School came to an end.
They could have bought a tie for four-three from James Houghton.
She seemed to laugh with a certain proud, sinister recklessness.
She wondered how he could have the slightest attraction for her.
She herself had come fully to believe that she did not love him.
“I don’t want to go, dear, said Alvina to the elder woman.
How she looked and looked at his dark, impertinent-seeming face.
But she had heard Alexander speak of Nurse This and Sister That.
Some little devil sat in her breast and kept her smiling archly.
Somewhat to her amazement, he sat steadily on for days and days.
Perhaps it acted like a tonic on the little devil in her breast.
Well, so she was, in the more-or-less exhausted part of herself.
She would be independent, she could laugh every one in the face.
Alvina had the old-fashioned wisdom to let be, and not to think.
Never had the common ugliness of Woodhouse seemed so entrancing.
It was to be fitted up as a sort of elegant lounging restaurant.
I haven’t time, really.  “Time! exclaimed Arthur rudely.
You needn’t be afraid.  “But I’m not afraid, she said.
He drew a little nearer to her, and walked with a slight prance.
The idea is common to humanity, once you’ve put it into words.
There’s something missing— Again he looked towards Alvina.
I keep myself busy.  “What are your subjects? asked James.
It was as if the pressure on her hand pressed her into oblivion.
“We s’ll have folks talking.  Suddenly she began to laugh.
“It’s all off, said Alvina, breaking into a nervous laugh.
She was thinking busily: but heaven knows what she was thinking.
Anyway it would be some sort of an adventure: better than a job.
There was something odd and integral about him, which she liked.
Im gesicht schon graue Flecken Ach, das muss im Spiegel stecken.
“About being able to buy it, said Mr. May, a little testily.
She imagined herself dressing up with most priceless variations.
Miss Pinnegar was rather stiff with him and he did not like her.
On the Monday morning there was a rehearsal, Mr. May conducting.
But isn’t it funny, they don’t seem to want to come to them.
Every week she met a new set of stars—three or four as a rule.
They had a most irritable professional vanity, and that was all.
He was about fifty years old, still handsome, and growing stout.
Now that she knew she was ill, Madame seemed to become more ill.
“Bien sûr, Madame.  “Ciccio, a button off thy shirt-cuff.
It is there, in the silk bag.  “I will do it, said Alvina.
They nodded with slow gravity, as if they were already _braves_.
He was flushed, erect, keen tempered and fierce and mountainous.
“Naples, he said, looking down at her sideways, searchingly.
“What?  “They say ‘See Naples and die,’ she laughed.
I can’t understand, myself, how people can go on liking shows.
Only poor Alvina lay back in her chair in a new weak convulsion.
Pig’s-head, if that seems more suitable to you.  “To whom?
“But would he abandon you all without a word? cried Mr. May.
“Basta—had enough, said Ciccio, with an invisible grimace.
“Are you getting ready to go? she said, looking down at him.
His eye had wandered uncomfortably up to a portrait on the wall.
“I suppose they’re going this morning, said Miss Pinnegar.
But I doubt if it’ll do any good.  “Do you? said Alvina.
On Wednesday night there was another sensation at the Endeavour.
He took off his hat to Alvina, smiled slightly as he passed her.
Hein?  “Yes—certainly—if it matters, said poor Alvina.
She’s a bit like her father in the business line—all flukes.
Oh, she was too high and mighty before, and now it’s too late.
Her big cousin sat opposite her—how she disliked his presence.
But Ciccio, most uncomfortable in his four-wheeler, kept hidden.
She took a taxi to their theatre, and then on to their lodgings.
He took her hand, and looked at her along the glass as he drank.
“Come, daughter of the Tawaras, said Madame brightly to her.
“Waste so much money?  Ciccio raised his shoulders slightly.
“I would like to see how it is, there, _chez elle_, he said.
Eh?  He was smiling with a thick, doubtful, half sullen smile.
She loved it, she worshipped it, she defied all the other world.
Ciccio took off his coat and sat down in Mr. Houghton’s chair.
But still they were far too free and easy to suit Miss Pinnegar.
Alvina rose and went to the kitchen, the men trailing after her.
As they pumped up the tires, they heard some one padding behind.
Ciccio sat down almost like a husband—as if it were his right.
Let me show you a statement.  He rose and brought her a paper.
And yet she did not want to go to the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras either.
She wondered if she ought to appear before the board in uniform.
It put him in a black rage to have his great manliness insulted.
All fresh and juisty, all cheap and tasty—!_ yelled the man.
Fresh cumbers!_ yelled the man,  Dr. Mitchell started his car.
He got in the habit of picking her up in his car, when he could.
When he was gone, the matron looked demure, and Alvina confused.
At once she went to look for Alvina, who had gone to her duties.
“Well, I _suppose_ it is all right, said the matron gravely.
Following me round on his knees and shouting for me to love him!
I may be transferred for war service.  “That’s not likely.
You’re our only maternity nurse—  And so the days went by.
The two men halted almost near the car, to watch the band go by.
Then Mrs. Tuke slowly reached for the rose-buds on the old wall.
He could hear the stifled cries and exclamations from Mrs. Tuke.
She would criticize him, find fault with him, the things he did.
The passengers glanced at them across the magic of estrangement.
Everywhere was crowded, the train was stuffy without being warm.
Alvina, thrilled by the southern country, was smiling excitedly.
Somewhere, she believed in the convulsion, the event elated her.
In the afternoon they were slipping down the Alps towards Turin.
He had built a house on the land left by Ciccio’s grandfather.
Alvina was so tired she could hardly climb down to the platform.
Everybody expostulated with him, and he dropped into the shadow.
You will see how you like it.  She wondered at his uneasiness.
Ciccio sat on the settle beside her, and ate in large mouthfuls.
She felt his power and his warmth invade her and extinguish her.
Sometimes Alvina and Pancrazio were late returning with the ass.
He came straight towards her, smiling his slow, enigmatic smile.
‘Yes, you devil, but I shan’t let you off,’ he said to me.
They went down, past the ruined houses broken by the earthquake.
She rose and went to the ruddy brazier, as if to warm her hands.
“Yes, he said, with a smile at the futility of the question.
“And I shall have to stay here?  He nodded, rather gloomily.
Her eyes, watching him, were vulnerable as if stricken to death.
But the night before he left she could bear the silence no more.
The third section of the book is mainly concerned with revision.
The poet has greater license in compounding and inventing words.
In _The Arcadian Rhetorike_ (1588), Abraham Fraunce treats both.
This is significant of a direct contact with classical rhetoric.
The audience is moved to action by the appeal to their feelings.
Ascham represents the advance guard in England against allegory.
Nay   I say if the style were changed the practise would profit.
In this division he provides for narrative, drama, and allegory.
The best classical treatments of style are to be found in Arist.
Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at https://pglaf.org/fundraising.
General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
Our entry into Kirshehr was typical of our reception everywhere.
How could we tell where the places were until we had been there?
The road scenes in the interior provinces are but little varied.
They have no education whatever, and can neither read nor write.
Yet they are happy because they are contented, and have no envy.
In thoughtful mood we gazed around through the evening twilight.
Before turning in for the night, we reconnoitered our situation.
The atmosphere seemed to be boiling over the heated plain below.
We knocked and pounded, but a hollow echo was our only response.
By the time darkness fell the kibitka was filled to overflowing.
Even here we found that our reputation had extended from Kuldja.
Russian had served us in good stead, though not always directly.
The innkeeper and his friend now caught hold of the rear wheels.
General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works.
Mr. _Charles_, your Brother, my young Master _Bellmour_, is come.
I cannot stay, Lest Grief, my Sex, my Bus’ness shou’d betray.
Tawdrey_--But thou look’st as if thou hadst not been a-bed yet.
My poor _Ninny_, I’m us’d barbarously, and won’t endure it.
I shou’d sue for that, Which my Deceit will never make me hope.
I do believe thee; for by Sympathy, Mine takes new Fire and Hope.
who lov’d him once, And wish’d no good beyond possessing him.
Nay, now wou’d I compound for my Life, at any rate, by Fortune.
Well, Sir, pray answer me one question, what drew you to _Cadiz_?
Which ended, we advance, Just when _Aurora_ rose from _Thetis’.
At your heels, my Lord--                               [_Exeunt_.
Ah, Sir, the _Turks_ have boarded us, we’re lost, we’re lost.
Still for my Wife’s sake, I say, and’t like your Hideousness.
Hark you, Sir, are you possest, or is it real reformation in you?
Thank thee, Fellow,--but, surely, I deserved my Titles from thee.
Go, let the Christian Governor understand his Request is granted.
Bellmour and Leticia arriving throw themselves on her protection.
Most damnably,--and wou’d fain lie with the dear jilting Gipsy.
No, sure, the World’s not so bad yet--where do your things lie?
But well, _Francis_, how dost think I got the young Jade my Wife?
got his Pardon, that’s some amends for robbing him of his Wife.
why, that you’re a Cuckold; Sir, a Cuckold, if you’ll ha’t.
Ay, ‘tis he, and I’m undone--what shall I do to kill him now?
And can you have the Conscience to carry away all our Money, Sir?
_Enter_ Parson, Diana, _and_ Pert _drest in_ Diana’s _Clothes_.
Ay, Brother, but whose fault was that?--Why, are not you married?
from the left-handed blow Of airy Blockheads who pretend to know.
I could continue on a day in telling The Wonders of this Warrior.
Not till I make returns: But now I’m past redemption miserable.
Devil, I see’t well enough by your continual Quarrels with him.
I do disown her, since she is so wicked To bid me kill my Friend.
’.was Love, Love that’s unsatisfied, which brought me hither.
I do believe the Prince is innocent From all that thou hast said.
Mopsophil, _Governante to the young Ladies_,         Mrs. _Cory_.
Refine your Thoughts, Sir, by a Moment’s Prayer, and try again.
I scorn to fight with thee, because I once call’d thee Brother.
--Mercy upon us!--Why, what, is’t you, Sir, return’d so soon?
For once, Sirrah, I’ll bring you off, and deliver your Letters.
I see there’s nothing in Philosophy--    [_Gravely to himself_.
I have supplied this locale and that of the following Scene (IV).
II, note (on p. 207) p. 433.  p. 100 _took in Lamb’s-Wool Ale_.
Selden, Table-Talk (1689): ‘If a man twirls his Bandstrings’.
This word is excessively rare, if this be not the unique example.
Tablier blanc garni de dentelles.’  p. 397 _your trusty Roger_.
“So you don’t know what he wants to see me about? he asked.
“It’s my money.  The bills were counted and all were there.
“There is one objection, the precarious nature of the business.
“What is your cousin’s name, Mr. Gardener? asked the widow.
Do you often produce such sketches?  “I have just begun, sir.
“Shall we say next Wednesday evening, at eight o’clock sharp?
“I am Paul Perkins, of Minneapolis, was the surprising reply.
Perkins says you are to come upstairs to his room, he reported.
“Just as you say, returned Dick Ralston, looking discomfited.
“I am a—a capitalist, and sometimes speculate in real estate.
Gray, a wealthy banker, living on Forty-seventh Street.  “So?
I can’t decline a birthday gift.  “That’s what I thought.
You must spend the evening with me.  “I should like to do so.
He saw that his mother was easier in mind, and this relieved him.
Just one little glass.  “You can put that off till afterward.
“I believe you wish to execute a will, Mrs. Trimble? said he.
“In the event of my son’s death, interpolated Mrs. Trimble.
He may have reached one by swimming.  This was news to Trimble.
He wove one continual fantasy for himself, a fantasy of commerce.
His wife was left alone with her baby and the built-in furniture.
He fluffed out his silk-striped muslins, his India cotton-prints.
And besides, good sound stuff it was, no matter what the pattern.
The governess was a strong, generous woman, a musician by nature.
She could never get over her nervous apprehension of an invasion.
The women of Woodhouse came at last to _depend_ on Miss Pinnegar.
His shop, already only half its original size, was again too big.
He met men who wanted to extend a brickfield down by the railway.
But alas—it is wearying to repeat the same thing over and over.
She felt him a terrible outsider, an inferior, to tell the truth.
“I don’t know, said Alvina, still more archly and brightly.
Alvina declared her intention of departing to this training home.
A trained mid-wife.  “Yes, of course, said Alvina brightly.
But instead of being repelled and heartbroken, Alvina enjoyed it.
She swung her haunches and arched her eyes with the best of them.
And in a week she was as hard and callous to them as they to her.
He was a well-built fellow with sandy hair and a pugnacious face.
And now it seemed her face was a little too long, a little gaunt.
The old manner of intimacy persisted between her and her darling.
She never made you feel for an instant that she was one with you.
And sometimes they looked pathetic, with a mute, stricken appeal.
Do you sleep here by yourself?  “Yes, said Alvina laughing.
You can put a chain round its neck, and tie it up, he retorted.
She wanted to summon her strength, to have her own back from him.
Don’t you think you ought to thank me?  He recoiled a little.
“Why should you mean anything by them! He smiled down on her.
You pledge yourself to nothing—you don’t compromise yourself.
“I can’t imagine, said Alvina, laughing at the comic sight.
“I do wonder who he can be, murmured Miss Pinnegar miserably.
Very nice man.  “Rather short and dressed in grey?  “Yes.
“Alvina can play as well as anybody in Woodhouse, said James.
“She’s in London.  “Why not speak of her? asked Alvina.
He liked the _angel_, and particularly the angel-mother in woman.
She was extremely nice—oh, much too nice with the female turns.
There was James’s face peeping inside the little ticket-window.
And all the time Miss Pinnegar sat like a sphinx—like a sphinx.
A few bars of Toreador—and then Miss Poppy’s sheets of music.
And Alvina, in her excitement, waited for Mr. May and her father.
In front of these, rows of slim halfpence, like an advance-guard.
He seemed for the time being contented—or nearly so, nearly so.
It’s all themselves to them, all the time.  He still puzzled.
Most of them had a streak of imagination, and most of them drank.
She felt he was smiling horribly all the time: lewd, unthinkable.
“Oh, I don’t think you should trouble to do that, she said.
So they came under the light from the window of the sitting-room.
They were to obey Max, she said, for he was their eldest brother.
“But now—you do, he said, lurching round a corner with her.
Curious how _dark_ they seemed, with only a yellow ring of pupil.
He was looking right into her, beyond her usual self, impersonal.
In spite of herself she was shaken into a convulsion of laughter.
“A dirty Eyetalian, said Max, in English, turning to Mr. May.
“They were always good friends.  They all looked at Geoffrey.
In another country, they will not spend one sou if they can help.
He liked the Italian, but he never looked on him as a permanency.
How humble and remote she seemed, as across a chasm from the men.
It sank away out of her body, left her there powerless, soulless.
C’est trop fort, voyez! And she sniggered with fear and sobs.
Ciccio rose, threw his cigarette into the fire, and looked round.
It was covered with white wreaths and streamers of purple ribbon.
Ay, but nobody ever saw him, and it was off as soon as it was on.
“What there will be when everything is settled, I don’t know.
If it was Max, who is sentimental, then no, the money is nothing.
L’allée—  There came a great burst of laughter from Louis.
Is it the fairest on ’em, the tallest.  “No, said Alvina.
“You make it hard for _me_, in Woodhouse, she said, hopeless.
She flushed, and hurried to show him his room, and the bath-room.
“Everything.  “Really! Mr. May seemed smitten quite dumb.
“I feel as if the world had suddenly come to an end, he said.
Ciccio returned shortly, and stood in the doorway looking at her.
Perhaps you might retain a lease of Miss Pinnegar’s work-rooms.
If I only spend a pound a week, it costs fifty-two pounds a year.
What about you?  “Oh, don’t bother about me, said Alvina.
He had a large practice among the poor, and was an energetic man.
But he still strained her fast, he had no idea of letting her go.
Which finger is it? he asked, beginning to smile rather weakly.
“Oh, but there isn’t _one bit_ of me wants it, not _one bit_.
Alvina slept in her house these days, instead of at the hospital.
From the shadow of the high-road came the noise of the mandoline.
“You must come! came the voice in pain from the upper window.
It just does one in, and turns one into a sort of howling animal.
I’m howling with one sort of pain, he’s howling with another.
“You’ve had some effect on him, that’s evident, she said.
I don’t want to be nailed together like a chair, with a hammer.
She looked up the places in the time-table, and decided on Leeds.
“Go back to the Tukes. And she began again to brush her hair.
“Why I want you? He gave a curious laugh, almost of ridicule.
Was it atavism, this strange, sleep-like submission to his being?
She felt she could sink forever into his warm, pulsating embrace.
And then they hurried down the desolate platform in the darkness.
But we must leave the cart.  Ciccio asked questions in Italian.
The men in the room stared, but went on noisily with their cards.
Only there was a film of wood-smoke in the room, rather smarting.
Nothing could have been more marvellous than the winter twilight.
He seemed, in his silence, to _concentrate_ upon her so terribly.
What was to be done, then, on mornings that were dark with sleet?
Only sometimes the terrible influence of the place preyed on her.
“They give so freely.  But Ciccio smiled a wry smile, silent.
“I’m not sorry, she answered slowly, using all her courage.
For quotations difficult of access I add the Latin in a footnote.
Aristotle's _Poetics_ discusses only epic and, especially, drama.
It included all of what to-day we might call working up the case.
Brunette Latini translated seventeen chapters of it into Italian.
The rhetorical character of these poetical models is significant.
Chapter VIII  Theories of Poetry in the English Renaissance    1.
Bacon was a scholar, but even more a philosopher and a statesman.
Meantime the wheels had been discovered by some passing neighbor.
In Bayazid we could not procure even proper wood for alpenstocks.
The lights in all the tents, save our own, were now extinguished.
Neither meat nor bread is ever eaten by any but the rich Kirghiz.
Our work of preparation was principally a process of elimination.
Official courtesy was now confined to despatches sent in advance.
Our rest at night was broken for the want of sufficient covering.
But just then his features changed, and he greeted us effusively.
“Do you have to buy offices in America? was the last inquiry.
Oh, are you come--Your Hour was Twelve, and now ‘tis almost Two.
Ay, but they are Sisters Children, and too near a-kin to be happy.
But, _Frank_, you do not know what a Wife I have provided for you.
I hope you will not call it Rudeness, Madam, if I refuse you here.
I have no quarrel to you, nor no man breathing, not I, by Fortune.
Ay, so methinks--but she’s kind, and will do reason for all him.
My Comfort is, I shall die with Grief, and not see the last of ye.
On 11 August, 1715, there was a revival at Lincoln’s Inn Fields.
_Guiliom_, a Chimney-Sweeper; the False Count,          Mr. _Lee_.
Thank you, Friend, thank you; Page, Boy--what’s a-Clock, Sirrah?
_and_ Antonio, driven in fighting     by Guzman _and other_ Turks.
_How strangely does my Passion grow,   Divided equally twixt two_?
With all my Soul, Sir, I’ll go to give him order, and subscribe.
_Noisey_, his Companion,                             Mr. _Harris_.
Why, there ne’er was such a Virtue, ’.is all a Poet’s Dream.
_Gorgon’s_ Head--a Cuckold’s Head--’twas made to graft upon.
Ah, Rogue--but prithee what care have you taken about your Pardon?
And you will not be proud, but will be commanded by me, _Francis_?
More of your Money and less of your Civility, good Mr. _Wasteall_.
Ay,--but what shou’d I do with Money in these damn’d Breeches?
--Hah--                                 [Gives him a bag of Money.
Pardon him, Sir, for surely I had died, Bur for his timely coming.
Pray, Sir, go to Bed, here’s no Thieves; all’s still and well.
Done--hum--come, out with it; Brother--what troubles you to Night?
Cou’d he so easily see me given away, Without a Sigh at parting?
I’m gone--I’m gone--but harkye, Sir, you’ll rise before day?
Harkye, Sir, have you had the Impudence to marry my Daughter, Sir?
_Olinda_, Sister to _Alcander_, Maid of Honour to      Mrs. _Lee_.
--Upon my life, designs upon a Lady; I guess it from thy blushing.
I care not who thou beest, but if a Man, Revenge me on _Alcander_.
Alas, I am his Wife; to disobey, My Fame as well as Duty I betray.
I will not now dispute that vain reply, But force you to security.
Ah, Sir, the dismal’st heavy news that e’er was told or heard.
Elaria, _Daughter to the Doctor_,                    Mrs. _Cooke_.
Oh, Sir, Sir, here’s some strange great Man come to wait on you.
She saw you peeping then, and drew the Curtain of the Air between.
--If you be for dancing, Sir, I have my Weapons for all occasions.
Madam, your Cousin _Florinda_, with a Lady, are come to visit you.
Say rather _Bellemante_, She who by Nature’s light and wavering.
An Honour, Sir, no Mortal has receiv’d This sixty hundred years.
--Nay, and you be so brisk, I’ll call the Clerk from his Office.
who comes out smiling.’  p. 363, l. 18 _Galatea’s Apartments_.
The same oversight occurs later in the act when Bellmour says ’.
Shadwell’s _The Miser_ (1672), Act i, I: ‘a dornock carpet’.
To jigget = to jig, hop or skip; to jump about, and to fidget, cf.
Sir- (or Save-) Reverence is an old and very common colloquialism.
“Oho, that’s what you’re after, is it? said Silas, grimly.
He went about his work in a mechanical way, but neglected nothing.
“Do you ever contribute to these papers, Mr. Conrad? he asked.
“You have no property to dispose of by will? asked the doctor.
The question arose, How would his mother get along in his absence?
“Four dollars, my dear madam!  “Do you consider it too much?
He ain’t got no push, and he’s allus forgettin’ his errands.
My youngest son asked me the other day to draw a cow on the slate.
He sat on a high stool, but he was only reading the morning paper.
Will he be in soon?  “Perhaps he will, and perhaps he won’t.
“But that would be a mean thing to do, said Chester, startled.
I made the promise, and I mean to keep it, said Chester, firmly.
“I will tell you, sir, said the bookkeeper, with an ugly look.
Chester must have chanced upon the receipt and carried it to Long.
On one side was a desk, at which Prof. Hazlitt himself was seated.
“Borrow a little money from the office, answered Dick, coolly.
Before relating what followed, a word of explanation is necessary.
I was born up Albany way, and came here when I was about your age.
He is going to Washington.  David Mullins was glad to hear this.
When he had gone, Ralston said, “Who is that, Mullins?  “Mr.
He did not care to have him speak so freely before the office boy.
He entered the office and glanced about, expecting to see Chester.
And I am to have twenty-five dollars for——  “Your trouble.
“In the neighborhood of fifty dollars, answered the conductor.
“As well as I ever expect to be, answered Mrs. Trimble, sadly.
“One year would be sufficient, it seems to me, put in Trimble.
Floyd looked up in surprise, but did not comprehend the situation.
Yes.  “Well, Chester’s bought it.  “You don’t mean it!
He rummaged in the empty lofts, and among the discarded machinery.
James Houghton cried, and put a black band on his Sunday silk hat.
All seemed straightforward—not _very_ cordial, but sufficiently.
She wanted to cry, and fling herself on the breast of her darling.
The mighty question arises upon us, what is one’s own real self?
They were luminous and crystalline, like the eyes of a changeling.
If he could have overcome her he would have been mad to marry her.
For a little while Alvina flaunted about in her nurse’s uniform.
After all, it was not for her to reconstruct her parents’ lives.
The roof and the timbered sides of the way seemed to press on you.
He seemed to linger near her as if he knew—as if he knew—what?
And the young man had hung round, and had never wanted to go away.
Alvina followed them persistently, but a little aloof, and silent.
She was completely indifferent to sight-seeing and scouring about.
She kept on wondering what she should do if he wanted to kiss her.
Every man has his own special feelings, and his own right to them.
Witham was here till ten minutes ago.  “Yes, laughed Alvina.
“How do you explain such behaviour? said her father pettishly.
He sat looking at it absorbedly, bent over it in the candle-light.
Have you got a handkerchief?  “It’s in my jacket, he said.
Every individual should, by nature, have his extraordinary points.
In the background were two booths covered up with coloured canvas.
The negro was thin, and looked young but rather frail, and limped.
He looked at himself sideways, and feared dismally he was thinner.
I wonder what it can be.  “I haven’t an idea, said Alvina.
And she gave a queer, sharp little rap on the table with her hand.
“I told you I had bought a cinematograph building, said James.
“She isn’t indispensable.  And Alvina was to play the piano!
All the Dream Waltzes and Maiden’s Prayers, and the awful songs.
But he was very happy sitting chatting tête-à-tête with Alvina.
Miss Poppy’s professional virginity was thus saved from outrage.
They hate to admire anything that they can’t take to themselves.
“My young men drink a little beer, after their horrible journey.
Well, then when shall I dance?  Alvina turned and looked at her.
They are dead.  “And you wander about the world— she said.
They had all disappeared over the brow of Lumley Hill, descending.
In the wintry twilight the crowd began, lingeringly, to turn away.
Why are they?  “I suppose they can’t help it, said Alvina.
“Don’t—! she cried, lifting her hand to stop his progress.
These fellows from the south, they are half children, half animal.
He departed on his nine mile ride through the rain to Knarborough.
It might have spoiled everything if Madame wasn’t such a genius.
From which?  “Don’t give me anything, please, said Alvina.
Then he swung round the bicycle, and stood it again on its wheels.
“If _that’s_ what you’ve seen in him!—there was a pause.
“Ma-rà-sca! She shook her head at the taste of the syllables.
Poor thing, left alone—and hardly a penny to bless herself with.
But he felt it in his flesh, the harshness and discomfort of them.
Alvina had a post-card from Madame, from Cheshire: rather far off.
“Ciccio didn’t come to see you, hein?  “No, said Alvina.
“Another four thousand francs there, she said, nodding sagely.
Well, ’s a strappin’ anuff feller, for them as goes that road.
If she could have imagined how far he was from any such intention.
But he confronted her like a powerful ox, full of dangerous force.
Miss Pinnegar expected Alvina, but by the train, which came later.
I’ve lived here all my life and seen everything bad happen here.
“Well I think it’s been a most agreeable game, said Mr. May.
“Not many more times here, eh? he said, smiling significantly.
He doesn’t want to see _me_.  “Well, if you don’t want to.
He can never have left things so bad.  “Ciccio, said Alvina.
Miss Pinnegar could answer her own fate according to its question.
And she guarded her money, and watched for some other opportunity.
But soon she realized that they loved it—particularly the women.
Yet since he was club doctor and panel doctor, they had to submit.
None the less the women had their complaints against Dr. Mitchell.
He’s got the biggest understandin’s of any man i’ Lancaster.
Sometimes he was given a good hit—though nearly always by a man.
Alvina glanced at her, flushed crimson and looked down to the man.
“What’s this? cried Mrs. Tuke, cocking her head on one side.
He slowly relaxed his clasp, and she slid down like rain to earth.
Well, despair was no good, and being miserable was no good either.
She wrote out a telegram, that she would be at Leeds that evening.
“I can’t, I think, she said abstractedly, looking up at him.
For her it was so potent it made her tremble when she noticed him.
The depth of his warm, mindless, enveloping love was immeasurable.
The train seemed to rush ponderously, massively, across the Weald.
Nobody asked her anything—she might have been Ciccio’s shadow.
She listened to the chatter of French and Italian in the corridor.
Near Chambéry they went down for breakfast to the restaurant car.
Ciccio became excited as they neared Modane, the frontier station.
And Alvina settled her cushion, and slept more or less till Genoa.
Vecchio! nodding violently and indicating that she should drink.
The group with the lantern moved again upstream, becoming smaller.
“I had better go upstairs and take my things off, said Alvina.
‘You’ve said you’d do it, so now you must,’ he said to me.
They were the one-storey dwellings commanded after the earthquake.
The lovely, pristine morning of the world, before our epoch began.
He shall do this without destruction or damage to men or property.
The imitation of Plutarch was far narrower than that of Aristotle.
It is a text-book of rhetoric which was used in the Roman schools.
The epic is like a palace and so requires more space than a drama.
This he does in his famous differentiation of rhetoric and poetic.
The Stoics of our day affirm that the only wise   man is the poet.
From the beginning the learning of the Church was of pagan origin.
Before we reached the _khan_, or inn, we were obliged to dismount.
A Turk believes that all water is purified after running six feet.
Supper was not yet over, for we caught a whiff of its savory odor.
No other region has seen or heard so much of the story of mankind.
Prominent among the specimens were the wild pink, poppy, and rose.
Here runs the great historical highway between China and the West.
But here on the desert we could buy nothing but very coarse flour.
In its present condition the Great Wall belongs to various epochs.
At several points along the route we were delayed on this account.
One whiff, and the pipe was taken away to be emptied and refilled.
Finally we were obliged to admit that sometimes such was the case.
In conclusion we thanked the viceroy for the honor he had done us.
_Bellmour_, Nephew to the Lord _Plotwell_, contracted to _Celinda_.
Sir _Timothy Tawdrey_, a Fop-Knight, design’d to marry _Celinda_.
by my troth, and I were she, I know what I wou’d do--  Sir _Tim_.
Thou do--what thou wouldst have done sixty Years ago, thou meanest.
Ay, _Frank_, ay--is she not a pretty little plump white Rogue, hah?
No matter for his Handsomness, let me have him that has most Money.
E’en your trusty and well-beloved Friend, Mrs. _Driver_ the Baud.
What--the Goldsmith paid the Money at sight, without demanding why?
Agues, Sir, are kind Diseases, they allow of Truces and Cessations.
Or else, two Morning Stars, All other Beauties are but Soot to her.
Why, any _Antonio_; all the _Antonio’s_ that you find in _Cadiz_.
Friend, you need not thus complain; a good round Ransom redeems ye.
Because you were my Lover once, when I’m Queen I’ll pardon you.
Cure then, thou mighty winged God,   This raging Fever in my Blood.
But hark ye, Mr. _Gingle_, is it proper to play before the Wedding?
Bearjest _and_ Diana _dancing_;     Bredwel, Noisey, &c.  L. _Ful_.
_Enter_ Ralph _with Light, Sir_ Feeble, _and_ Bellmour  Sir _Feeb_.
This is the first thing in Petticoats that ever dar’d me in vain.
Faith, and that’s pity; but how came he so fine o’th’ sudden?
I am asham’d to undress before you, Sir; go to Bed--  Sir _Feeb_.
I’m much oblig’d to you, Sir; oh, Captain--    [_Talks to him_.
Ods bobs, I’m glad on’t, Sirrah;--But are you real, _Bellmour_?
_Philander_, his Son, betrothed to _Erminia_,          Mr. _Smith_.
_Falatius_, a fantastick Courtier,                     Mr. _Angel_.
Sleep, and _Erminia_ have abandon’d me; I’ll never sleep again.
The truth on’t is, she has a strong magnetick Power, that I find.
No, I’ll let it run to its extent, And see what then ‘twill do.
_Alcander_, look, look, how she glides away, Dost thou not see’t?
yet I can bear it, If it were the Devil himself in that fair shape.
Oh, ‘twas an idle lying one, _Pisaro_, And came but to intrap me.
It is very doubtful if the theatre existed as such later than 1779.
I dare not boast my Virtues, Sir; Is there no way to try my Purity?
But do you imagine, Sir, they will fall in love with an old Mortal?
I see a Monarch seated on a Throne--but seems most sad and pensive.
It cannot be a Devil, For here’s no Sin nor Mischief in all this.
‘Slife, let’s be gone, lest we be seen in the Ladies Apartment.
No marvel she was so surpriz’d and angry at my Approach to Night.
How, Sir, grown rich by drinking the Waters, and to your Knowledge?
Losaphers!--Prithee, if thou be’st a Man, speak like a Man--then.
Enter the Doctor,     which they seeing, come on with more Courage.
All later editions ‘shrivel’d’, which is by no means as good.
Antony Leigh, the famous comedian, who created Sir Feeble Fainwood.
Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
The year of a release date is no longer part of the directory path.
“I’m goin’ to work in your place Monday mornin’, he said.
“Has Mr. Tripp spoken to you? asked Chester, his heart sinking.
When Monday morning came he rose at the usual hour and breakfasted.
“How long have you been drawing?  “Ever since I can remember.
Even his mother thought of it only as a pleasant diversion for him.
He is my uncle.  “Your uncle! exclaimed Chester, in surprise.
I suppose you understand!  “You sold it?  “No, I pawned it.
They thought the other might refer to a ring or some small article.
“How’s your mother this mornin’, Chester? asked the grocer.
“I don’t care to sell, Mr. Tripp, said Mrs. Rand, decisively.
“I came here by way of Pittsburg, answered the tramp, coughing.
“How did he know about my store? demanded Silas, incredulously.
“I don’t see how I can spare you, Chester, she said, soberly.
An hour glided by rapidly, and then a step was heard on the stairs.
His name is Chester.  Chester was amazed at the sight of the boy.
“I shall be glad to pay you any attentions, insinuated Ralston.
New York’s a right smart place, I admit, but give me Minneapolis.
He knew now that he would be able to support himself and more, too.
Are you trying to get a place?  “No.  Felix looked surprised.
I am Mr. Mullins, his bookkeeper, and represent him.  “Just so!
He did not seem strong, and there was a sad expression on his face.
“If he were alive he would let us know, he said, after a pause.
Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
To seehim peel and prepare an apple for her was an exquisite sight.
Miss Frost, hearing this legend, looked sideways at the enthusiast.
What money she made went chiefly to support the Houghton household.
There are such poles of opposition between honesties and loyalties.
The shop seemed to have digested some of its indigestible contents.
Some of her regular customers paid her a shilling a week—or less.
“We’re more than friends.  “I don’t think so, she said.
And then, most irritating, a complete _volte face_ in her feelings.
“Because you don’t understand what it means, said her father.
I can’t understand it.  “Can’t you? said Alvina brightly.
Purity and high-mindedness—the beautiful, but unbearable tyranny.
His strength was so different from hers—quick, muscular, lambent.
For well-to-do mothers she would charge from three to five guineas.
Her greatest horror was lest her husband should come into the room.
In these days Mrs. Houghton never talked—unless to fret a little.
So Alvina refrained from pondering on her mother’s life and fate.
And perhaps neither of them knew that the intimacy itself had gone.
“It won’t be done for nothing, he said, looking at her again.
And Miss Pinnegar and I can’t have anything to do with it anyway.
Alvina was asked back to tea—on Wednesday afternoon, closing day.
The mere incongruity of such a desire on his part formed a problem.
I can’t stand him.  “Why?—suddenly— said Miss Pinnegar.
Between her and the Woodhouse Withams there was a decided coldness.
“There is no need to make provision for me, said Miss Pinnegar.
He brushed his crisp, curly brown hair carefully before the mirror.
“Of course we can _delay_ for some time, until I get my supplies.
“Well, I don’t see how I can do it under twenty pounds a month.
So they watched like cats for their man’s return, at dinner-time.
“They’ve stopped again, said Miss Pinnegar, recalling Alvina.
how awful it was!  “Why?  “There was no pleasing the woman.
And when do you expect the fittings—?  “Tomorrow.  “What!
She watched the ladies making up—she gave some slight assistance.
The place was crowded with a whooping, whistling, excited audience.
But his naïveté roused the serpent’s tooth of her bitter irony.
He had dreamed of crowded houses every night, and of raised prices.
But there was no probability of his being able to raise his prices.
Pictures don’t have any life except in the people who watch them.
At that moment she would cheerfully have gone along with the navvy.
Since opening the Pleasure Palace James was less regular at Chapel.
While the interview was going on, Mr. May arrived, full of concern.
I’ll be Kishwégin. And he bridled and beamed self-consciously.
Louis arose, a _brave_ like Ciccio, in war-paint even more hideous.
The others—they are nothing—what they are Madame has made them.
Ciccio turned round and looked at them with a sneer along his nose.
You say _love_— He raised his shoulders slightly, with a shrug.
For him, it was not yet quite natural to express himself in speech.
“But if Naples is so lovely, how could you leave it? she asked.
He looked at her, and made a slight, sad gesture, indifferent also.
Ciccio was just a fantasy blown in on the wind, to blow away again.
“They are the darkest of all. And she shook her head roguishly.
“Oh, good morning, Mrs. Rollings! they heard Mr. May’s voice.
Thy temper is a devil’s, which maybe is worse than an animal’s.
“Won’t you come? she said, smiling and looking into his eyes.
“Won’t you? she said, as she stood with her back to the door.
She wanted to meet his eye, to have an open understanding with him.
The boy was sent for the cab, James swallowed a spoonful of brandy.
Right in her bowels she felt it—the terrible, unbearable feeling.
I don’t fancy he would have wanted such people following, myself.
On the next morning she dressed herself carefully in her new dress.
In the first place, you are English, and he thinks to rise by that.
But Madame’s shrewd black eyes and busy mind did not let him off.
And her crying started Miss Pinnegar, who cried almost as bitterly.
But not very much, I’m sure of that.  “How much do you think?
The young men thrust their glasses up towards Alvina, in a cluster.
“The leather is not good in these things of Gigi’s, she said.
“You think it’s strange? he said, showing his teeth slightly.
Salute me, my own friend.  And Ciccio kissed him on either cheek.
He threw bedclothes over her and went downstairs, whistling softly.
You are not leaving Woodhouse for ever.  “Good-bye! she said.
I never thought I should live to see the day, said Miss Pinnegar.
Your money isn’t with his, is it?  “No, said Miss Pinnegar.
She allowed her to pay for her room, and the expense of travelling.
For some weeks she found nothing, though she wrote several letters.
The attendant women threw up their hands and looked at one another.
The doctor began by being rather lordly and condescending with her.
“It’s you I _am_ thinking about, she laughed, flirting still.
And she knew well how hateful material circumstances can make life.
She put down her name on the list of volunteers for active service.
There’s nothing at all to prevent your getting engaged to me now.
Where is your mandoline?  He turned round and looked up the road.
Even the will of God is a life-force.  “You don’t understand!
“You come, Allaye, he said softly, with his foreign intonation.
After all, he had triumphed over his well-to-do, Anglicized cousin.
Giuseppe had insisted that Ciccio should take second-class tickets.
They sat and ate the food they had brought, and drank wine and tea.
Alvina became almost comatose, in the burning heat of the carriage.
They were out on the platform again, they had secured their places.
The world is an amazing place.  This thought dozed her off again.
With a growl and a rush it swooped up the first loop of the ascent.
It was a wide, strange bed of dry boulders, pallid under the stars.
She was almost stupefied with weariness and the cold, bruising air.
And Alvina had struck one of them, here on the edge of the Abruzzi.
And yet in the whole market-place she was aware of nothing but him.
Alvina hated their Cockney accent and florid showy vulgar presence.
The second was a letter, a real insulting letter from Dr. Mitchell.
Ciccio was still turning talking in the rapid way to his neighbour.
“If Italy goes to war, you will have to join up? she asked him.
But there was a great, twin-towered church, wonderful from outside.
“Because I love you—  She crouched quite still on the hearth.
Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
In all letters of summons, the cause of the summons will be stated.
Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
But I made no proposal, shouted Albucius, I only employed a figure.
Rhetoric sits in a chamber gaily glorified and strewn with flowers.
By form he means verse, making no mention of the figures of speech.
for to get and have things wrongly desired merits pity, not   envy.
They destroy the fruits of reason, for they hold the hearts of men.
These colorings, however, must have a true but hidden significance.
_Lezione della poetica_ (1590) in _Opere_ (Trieste, 1859), II, 687.
Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
The year of a release date is no longer part of the directory path.
Yaourt, another almost universal food, is milk curdled with rennet.
One by one the lights in the tents broke out, like the stars above.
The view in the mean time had been growing more and more extensive.
At one o’clock the morning star peeped above the eastern horizon.
Here were the only rocks to be seen in the vast snow-bed around us.
At 11 A. M. we sat down on the snow to eat our last morsel of food.
A storm was rolling rapidly up the southeast slope of the mountain.
At the door would be found the usual crowd of Kirghiz post-drivers.
Urumtsi, however, was too large and intricate for such a manœuver.
The viceroy himself, who now came out to receive us, was powerless.
Hami is one of those cities which may be regarded as indispensable.
In the matter of eating and drinking, Chinese formality is extreme.
“Didn’t the people try to steal your money? he next inquired.
Copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
Did I not see thee fierce, and active too, as if thou hadst dar’d?
Oh, say thou art not; And I thus low will fall, and pay thee Thanks.
The Man is in love, that’s certain--as I was saying, Sir--  _Bel_.
Thou needless Goodness, Which if I follow, canst lead me to no Joys.
Wou’d I were in _Flanders_ at my Monastery again, if this be true.
Spiller played Guiliom, Mrs. Moor Isabella, and Mrs. Thurmond Julia.
A Pox of your Civility; I tell you, I scorn my Wife should be civil.
I have a little business, my Lord, but I’ll wait on you presently.
Now, Sir, you shall hear one of another Language from my Wife and I.
The Slaves are ready, Sir, and a Galley to carry off the Christians.
Crack me no Cracks, good Father mine;--am not I a Slave in _Turkey_?
Fie, Mrs. _Phillis_, do you take us for Fiddlers that play for Hire?
Help me, Invention, Malice, Love, and Wit:    [_Opening the Letter_.
That’s all one, Sir, I was still a-foot, ever walking on the Deck.
Why, Madam, do you leave the Garden, For this retreat to Melancholy?
Hold, honest _Francis_: What, dost think ‘twas in kindness to him!
So, she’ll clear her self, and leave me in the Devil’s Clutches.
If all the World wait, Sir, the Prince of Hell will stay for no Man.
Ay, ay, I did but try your Virtue, mun--dost think I was in earnest?
With all my soul, Sir; pay me three hundred Pound, Sir--  Sir _Cau_.
_Bellmour_, or _Francis_, chuse you which you like, and I am either.
_Orgulius_, late General, Father to _Erminia_,         Mr. _Norris_.
_Cleontius_, Servant to the Prince, and Brother        Mr. _Crosby_.
I am beholding to you, But then it seems I have lost a Lover of you.
Madam, _Alcippus_ waits for your Commands, He’s going to the Camp.
_Fortune and Love which ne’er agree,    Do now united bow to thee.
Bellemante, _Niece to the Doctor_,                   Mrs. _Mumford_.
You never saw the Emperor of the Moon, Sir, the mighty _Iredonozar_?
These are from their Lovers.--Ha, a Note to _Mopsophil_.--Oh, Rogue!
I have added this necessary direction which is in no former edition.
4to 1690 and 1724, which I retain as better than 1671 ‘vow’d’.
I have followed the 4tos in the metrical arrangement of this speech.
Both 4tos and 1724 omit to mark this entrance which I have supplied.
Bailey (1730-6) has ‘to Pad ... to rob on the road on foot.’ cf.
Ozell, in his translation of Molière (1714), writes ‘cannions’.
II of Bentley and Magnes, _Modern Novels_ (1681-93), twelve volumes.
Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:  1.E.1.
He worked with a will, and in twenty-five minutes the work was done.
As to its bringing him in money, the idea had never occurred to him.
“Do you think I shall pull through, doctor? asked the young man.
“Yes, was the unexpected answer, “but I shall not make a will.
“I have no doubt you can do it, for it will not require an expert.
“That’s cousin Herbert, said Rob, and he ran to open the door.
Yet he could not help enjoying the walk, so perfect was the weather.
“When do you think Jimmy will get well? asked the agent, kindly.
Shure, I told this gentleman that you’d make it all right with me.
Why didn’t I get the place?  “You must ask Mr. Fairchild that.
Chester took notice of the way in order that he might know it again.
He looked with surprise at Chester, not immediately recognizing him.
You’ve been a good friend to James Long, and he won’t forget it.
He will bear watching.  “I wish he were more like Mr. Fairchild.
They had two-dollar seats, and I learned that Chester paid for them.
I am contented to make ten dollars a day.  “So should I be, sir.
“You might prove a dangerous rival.  “You needn’t be afraid.
Did you have the toothache?’  Chester burst into a hearty laugh.
If my old father were living, I would give half the money I possess.
“You’ll have to settle up soon, said Ralston, in a surly tone.
“What complaint does Mr. Fairchild make of you?  “None at all.
I keep a store out in Wyncombe, and he was in my employ most a year.
Silas Tripp returned home full of the news he had heard in New York.
Chester still went three times a week to the house of Prof. Hazlitt.
“What—this boy? Prof. Nugent exclaimed, in a tone of surprise.
Mr. Fairchild is away, and I shall be blamed for this terrible loss.
“Mullins, he said, “we’ve been sold—sold—regularly sold.
It ran thus:      “DEAR CHESTER: I am sorry to write you bad news.
“Yes, answered Mr. Dean, “this is destined to be a large city.
“Then I came to Tacoma, and here I have been thus far undisturbed.
“No, sir; not within a quarter of a mile.  “Edward could swim.
I saved the life of one, but the others were, as I thought, drowned.
Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:  1.E.1.
But from the first she had a curious ascendancy over James Houghton.
In came the architect, with whom he had played many a game of chess.
Miss Frost was straightforward, good-humoured, and a little earnest.
When she was twenty-three years old, Alvina met a man called Graham.
He contrived to meet Alvina in the evening, to take a walk with her.
“Yes we are, he insisted, trying to put his arm round her waist.
Her father said:  “Well, of course, you’ll do as you think best.
“Of course you don’t mean it, dear, said Miss Frost, quailing.
Or rather, being sufficiently a woman, she didn’t decide anything.
And now, in her floridity, they were bright and arch and light-grey.
It was time for that perfected flower to be gathered to immortality.
So the young need not be so proud of their superiority over the old.
Miss Frost wept also for herself, for her own sorrow and slow death.
Oh, it’s easy workin’—you don’t have to knock your guts out.
Permit the name of Houghton to disappear from the list of tradesmen?
“We can go into that later, said James, leading off the plumber.
Picture her disappointment when she found Albert quite unattractive.
I’ve got to be in at nine.  “Which way shall we go? he said.
“The light is fading.  Alvina came in with the flowers in a jar.
It seemed as if his words came off him without affecting him at all.
“I suppose the old connections count for something.  “They do.
“As sure as all that, are you! he said, with a sneering grimace.
“Because there’s no need to understand it, said Miss Pinnegar.
None the less, as Christmas drew near Alvina worked up her feelings.
He was becoming really depressed by his failure to find any opening.
But he must perforce keep enough in hand for a ticket to Birmingham.
He fluttered like a boy, he fluttered as if he had just grown wings.
But this cheerfulness and brisk perkiness was a great strain on him.
Well— said James vaguely, nervously, giving a glance at Mr. May.
“And you’ll just retire, and live quietly, said Miss Pinnegar.
“Don’t you think he’s dreadful? said the poor elderly woman.
“Come down, come down! hissed Mr. May frantically from in front.
On the whole, Alvina enjoyed the cinema and the life it brought her.
She was curious to see what Madame and her four young men were like.
Then quick as lightning both turned their attention again to Madame.
“Come and put in the flowers, said Mr. May anxiously, to Alvina.
Awful things men were, savage, cruel, underneath their civilization.
“Do you think I could confuse you in my dislike of this Woodhouse?
“They are all ve-ry kind, and ve-ry practical with their kindness.
And so—in ten years’ time—no more Kishwégin at all.  “No.
What does he understand, Max, dear brother, what does he understand?
Her face was very white under her spotted veil, her eyes very black.
“I should love to be one of the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras, said Alvina.
How submissive she was, with an eternity of inaccessible submission.
I must find you something else.  “Please don’t, said Alvina.
Hé?  “Thank you _so_ much, said Alvina, holding out her hand.
“I enjoy it—and so does father.  “No, cried Miss Pinnegar.
“Didn’t I say so! said Miss Pinnegar, starting from her chair.
How would you like him then?  “He isn’t, is he? said Alvina.
For once, every eye was upon her, every mind was thinking about her.
She’ll have to go out of Manchester House—her and Miss Pinnegar.
“She wants you to get in with her.  He looked round at the cabs.
Ciccio, smiling slightly, and keeping his head ducked, took the key.
She smiled at him in a quick, luminous smile, a magic change in her.
He sat looking at her with an instant re-establishment of knowledge.
He turned aside his face, as if unwilling to give a straight answer.
“I find the house, but I couldn’t find no door, said Geoffrey.
A stray cat darted from the scullery, and broke a plate in her leap.
Good-bye!  “You’re looking well, Alvina, people said to her.
“But I don’t want to come to Woodhouse unless it _is_ necessary.
Slowly she climbed the familiar hill—slowly—and rather bitterly.
She would not endure one single hint of contumely from any one else.
And as the weather was decent, everybody was in a real holiday mood.
In her moments of sullen rebellion she thought of Natcha-Kee-Tawara.
He smiled excitedly and meaningful at her, and came a little nearer.
“I’d rather not be engaged, under the circumstances, she said.
What does he look like, really?  “I don’t know, said Alvina.
“Have some more! said Effie, watching over the top of her glass.
He was the one victor, arching stealthily over the vanquished north.
There was a terrible encumbrance of packages and luggage everywhere.
Geoffrey sobbed, and the tears came silently down Ciccio’s cheeks.
Then he turned and looked with haunted eyes into the eyes of Alvina.
They were to stay in the house of his uncle, his mother’s brother.
And he sat for the most part impassive and abstract as a Red Indian.
Are you cold? came a loud, raucous, American-Italian female voice.
And then they took a difficult, rocky track ascending between banks.
He pushed his chair among the litter of fire-kindling, and sat down.
He put fresh faggots behind the fire—though Pancrazio forbade him.
There was nothing to do with the water but throw it out of the door.
She felt transfigured in it, clairvoyant in another mystery of life.
“We will make a fire-place in the other bedroom, said Pancrazio.
Ciccio must take her to America, or England—to America preferably.
All down the oak-dry bankside they burned their great exposed stars.
Meanwhile the declaration of war drew nearer, and became inevitable.
And when she got into the kitchen, she forgot what she had come for.
“Be damned to them all. She heard unspeakable pain in his voice.
Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:  1.E.1.
Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:  1.E.1.
Rhetoric in their hearts they felt to be gay paint and sweet smells.
Like classical authors of text-books, he calls his treatise an Arte.
They talk about situations and characters instead of realizing them.
This, she insists, is the fault not of the poets, but of the people.
But he is very quick to admit the very abuses which Gosson attacked.
He does not, however, entirely discount the moral effect of example.
The most famous are, perhaps, those of Ælfred, Notker, and Chaucer.
Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:  1.E.1.
Our clothing, and even our hair and faces, were critically examined.
The poorer, the more ignorant, a Turk is, the better he seems to be.
The only alternative was to take the precipitous snow-covered slope.
But just at this juncture the Russian minister advised another plan.
But they were at our wheels again before we reached the caravansary.
The social gatherings at Tashkend were more convivial than sociable.
This, with that prepaid from London, amounted to just fifty dollars.
From Manas to Urumtsi we began to strike more tillage and fertility.
Both the gate and the wall at this point had been recently repaired.
Although a son of the viceroy he will have to rise by his own merit.
His death occurred only a few months before our arrival in Tientsin.
“Do you like the Chinese diet; and how much did one meal cost you?
Sharp words pass, the brothers fight and Charles is slighted wounded.
And in three Weeks, should you wed a _Cynthia_, you’d be a Monster.
I can endure no more--How, Sir--You marry fair _Celinda!_  Sir _Tim_.
I know of none, but of my Master’s being this Morning--  Sir _Tim_.
--So--at last the Devil has got the better of me, And I am enter’d.
for I suppose there is no such real thing as debauching of this Lady.
_Baltazer_, Father to _Julia_ and _Clara_,              Mr. _Bright_.
that Mouth that has so oft sworn Love to me kist by another’s Lips!
Was ever so horrid a Plot contriv’d against her own lawful Husband?
But, Sir--              [_Approaching him, he puts his Wife farther_.
I took thee for my Rival, and ten to one but I had done thy business.
For your sake, Lady, much may be done, we’ve need of handsom Women.
Hum, so, so,--like Fire conceal’d in a Tinderbox,--I shall run mad.
Is this my going to Sea?--the Plague of losing Battels light on thee.
And you, Mistress, you have married _Antonio_, and left the Governor.
After some rumination Sir Cautious accepts and Gayman wins the throw.
_Enter Sir_ Feeble, Leticia, _Sir_ Cautious, Bearjest, Diana, Noisey.
Pray, Sir, use mine, it is a travell’d Blade I can assure you, Sir.
This is a swinging Wonder--but are there store of Mad-men there, Sir?
I come to bring you this--                     [_Gives him a Letter_.
Can you deny me--will you not give me one lone hour i’th’ Garden?
_Thrice about him let us tread,       To keep him ever young in Bed_.
was I sent away with a Sham-Plot for this!--She cannot mean it to me.
Only a small parcel of Ware that lay dead upon my hands, Sweet-heart.
This, it must be remembered, was by no means a poor run at that time.
This is because the Duke’s House temporarily changed its name thus.
_Pisaro_, Friend to the young General _Alcippus_,      Mr. _Cademan_.
Madam, as those unreconciled to Heaven Would bear the pangs of death.
Methought I heard _Alcippus_ and the Prince Before the cry of Murder.
I’ll scarce allow thee that; Madam, I’ll leave you to your Lover.
Which you’re too cunning in, Not to have been a stale practitioner.
I know he’s fled to the Camp, For there he only can secure himself.
_--Hum--There ‘tis again, Pox of your Eccho with a Northern Strain.
_Doctor_ Baliardo,                                   Mr. _Underhill_.
Besides, it is as vulgar as Rats-bane, or the slicing of the Weasand.
No, I’ll die a Death uncommon, and leave behind me an eternal Fame.
And so do I. I wonder _Scaramouch_ stays so, and what Success he has.
I’m sure I am but just awakened from the sweetest Dream.--  _Doct_.
Your humble Servant, Sir, and _Scaramouch_ returns you humble Thanks.
4to 1677 has ’.he End of the First Act.’  p. 22, l. 8 _A Palace_.
The emendation, if not what Mrs. Behn wrote, is at least grammatical.
Dryden’s _Limberham; or, The Kind Keeper_ (1678), iv, I: ‘_Aldo_.
The word is extremely rare in this sense and perhaps only found here.
The pit, often a very pandemonium, was the chief scene of this sport.
Mrs. Behn remembered how Don John treated Dame Gillian, his landlady.
Dialect spellings, contractions and discrepancies have been retained.
I overheard him saying so to Mr. Gardner.  “Ten thousand dollars!
“You have never been to New York, Chester? said the young artist.
Walter Bruce is shif’less and lazy, or he’d take care of himself.
“Wyncombe people don’t seem very liberal, mother, said Chester.
“What do you work at when you are employed?  “I am a machinist.
“It must have been brought here.  “Oho, you admit that, do you?
He will pay you five dollars     a week if he finds you satisfactory.
She will be company for mother.  “It is an excellent arrangement.
“It makes me feel rich whenever I think of the sum I am to receive.
Chester, I want you to go to number four seventy-one Bleecker Street.
He reached the office in time to go out to lunch with the bookkeeper.
“We will have a lesson every time you come to see uncle, he said.
“You receive a good salary.  “One hundred dollars a month, yes.
“How long shall you be away, Mr. Fairchild? asked the bookkeeper.
“I have no place of business, returned Ralston, rather awkwardly.
That must be valuable.  “It’s about all I own that is valuable.
He lost no time in presenting himself at the office of _The Phoenix_.
“Offered to send his mother five dollars a week! he soliloquized.
“I suppose you are boarding here, he said, with a little sarcasm.
He thrust his hand wildly into his pocket, and looked panic-stricken.
“Well, said the bookkeeper, “what’s the matter?  “Matter?
“Yes, sir.  “I congratulate you heartily, said Mr. Fairchild.
“I have lost my place.  “When was that?  “Three days since.
Perhaps you will come, too, Edward?  Edward Granger shook his head.
I am sorry to be a burden to you, but it will     only be for a year.
Remember your promise.  At this moment Mr. Dean entered the office.
You’d better remember, or you won’t get the money I promised you.
I knew a boy that went out West some years since, and nearly starved.
Or are middle-class women very squeamish in their choice of husbands?
James had accumulated sixpences, and made a little space in his shop.
The coal improved a little in quality: it was cheap and it was handy.
Her voice was like her father’s, flexible and curiously attractive.
It is, really.  There was an odd clang, like a taunt, in her voice.
She had two hundred pounds of her own, bequeathed by her grandfather.
If it had not been that with him there was no question of succumbing.
There seemed a great deal to put in order after her mother’s death.
James had had such large ideas of setting up house, in the beginning.
But as yet, at this period, the idea was in abeyance, it did not act.
He had auburn hair, high colouring, and a rather challenging bearing.
Mr. Houghton came to father about the building alterations yesterday.
I think it’s an awful outlook for you.  “Do you? said Alvina.
Perhaps because of his “closeness, and his secret determinedness.
They were having nothing to do with such desperate nereids as Alvina.
He hurried into his coat and gathered his tools, anxious to get away.
“I never knowed ’em come down wi’ me.  “You ought to, then.
“I’m glad you’ve come, said Alvina, as Miss Pinnegar entered.
Her eyes were dilated and arched with a mocking, almost satanic look.
After Christmas, however, she had nothing at all to think forward to.
“How very _fortunate_ for us.  “Properly handled, said James.
“I’m afraid that makes it useless for my purpose, said Mr. May.
“Father’s got something going, said Alvina, in a warning voice.
I pity your mother.  “Oh, but he was always alike, said Alvina.
And then all kinds of comic and incongruous tunes came into her head.
She followed me to the kitchen in a _fury_ while I cooked for myself.
She felt bewildered, a little excited, and as if she was not herself.
They seem to like the programs.  “I think they do, said Alvina.
And pictures don’t have any feelings apart from their own feelings.
You’re not as up to the mark as they are.  “Not up to the mark?
The four young men had risen, and stood looking at Alvina and Madame.
Elle pourrait aussi être belle, s’il y avait un peu plus de chair.
“It’s all right, said Alvina, as she looked at the thermometer.
The _brave_ Louis, hearing a sound, starts up with his bow and arrow.
Louis swings round, and at the same moment the bear strikes him down.
Why don’t you marry?  “Nobody wants to marry me, said Alvina.
They all at once covered their smiles and pulled themselves together.
Geoffrey shrugged his shoulders, and would not give his comrade away.
Together we will go to Knarborough and bring back the naughty Ciccio.
“Ah! she cried suddenly in French, “the ungrateful, the animal!
She watched both Ciccio and Alvina with her black, inscrutable looks.
Shall she not?  “Yes, said Ciccio, unwilling to commit himself.
But Ciccio and Geoffrey had already packed up the property, and left.
If it doesn’t rain, the young men will cycle—perhaps all of them.
You don’t want anything from Natcha-Kee-Tawara, or from Kishwégin?
It was wrong to begin it.  “But why? insisted Alvina, laughing.
“What’s the matter.  He murmured something, but was incoherent.
“You think there will be much to come to Miss Houghton? she said.
Then she went on with her cousin to her cab, home to the funeral tea.
She cashed all the money she could: a hundred-and-twenty-five pounds.
Nor do I, nor do I.  “Can I help with the darning? said Alvina.
There was Madame spinning her web like a plump prolific black spider.
Madame had Max and Louis by her side, Alvina had Ciccio and Geoffrey.
Ciccio had let go her hand, and was wiping his lips with his fingers.
“Bring me everything you’ve got—every _thing_ that is valuable.
“I would like to see it, there.  “Ask _her_, repeated Ciccio.
“I can’t think why you bring _him_ here, snapped Miss Pinnegar.
I used to think sometimes there was something wrong with your mother.
Especially as I see those tempting piles of pennies and ha’pennies.
But unfortunately, when Mr. May returned, a corkscrew was in request.
Alvina was sitting sunk in thought and torpor after her sudden anger.
Some hurried inquisitively across to speak to her and look at Ciccio.
And for ten years, look at it, it’s five hundred and twenty pounds.
Alvina knew it was useless to be either angry or otherwise emotional.
If summoned, she would have to go before the medical board on Monday.
But undoubtedly the nursing life, arduous as it was, suited her best.
It happened he was in a workman’s house when the man was at dinner.
“Don’t you think Dr. Mitchell is quite coming out? said Alvina.
A very praiseworthy work, I am sure. She looked wickedly at Alvina.
“Perhaps you _are_ only just beginning your _own_ life, she said.
She was not thinking, so she took no particular notice of the speech.
“I was only talking like a child, from the imagination, she said.
“But I’ve never thought about it, she said, rapidly cogitating.
And now the engagement is announced—  He looked at her anxiously.
Do you think it’s a serenade?— And she lifted her brows archly.
“To make a man howl outside there like that, because you’re here.
“Of course— Mrs. Tuke watched Alvina with big, dark, slow eyes.
She asked for a week-end, to make some arrangements for her marriage.
You ask me another, eh?  She was silent, sitting looking downwards.
But his hands, with the soft, powerful clasp, only closed her faster.
For he was a northernized Italian, he had accepted English standards.
There was a horrible fight for seats, men scrambling through windows.
White houses with brownish tiles stood among almond trees and cactus.
Pancrazio would bring a kettle of hot water at about half-past eight.
Then she washed the little, high-up windows, to try and let in light.
And invariably Pancrazio answered with a reserved—  “Some months.
It occupied the crown of an eminence in the midst of the wide valley.
Well, Alvina and Mrs. Tuke might yet meet in some hospital in France.
His home was nothing to him but a possession, and a hole to sleep in.
And she seemed to hear him moaning upstairs—“I can’t come back.
Debts owed to persons other than Jews are to be dealt with similarly.
These images remain and may be recalled by the image-forming faculty.
The second book, _Of Proportion_, 70 pages, is a treatise on metrics.
F. Quintiliani de institutione oratorio, liber primus_ (Paris, 1890).
The reply we received, though courteous, smacked strongly of reproof.
There was not a twig on the whole plateau with which to build a fire.
A merchant is not a merchant at all, but a host entertaining a guest.
This furnished the Vali an opportunity to regain his usual composure.
When it cleared away, the sun was reflected with intenser brightness.
At length darkness fell; we were obliged to dismount to feel our way.
With the absence of landmarks, you seem never to be getting anywhere.
Our dervish acquaintance was a man of more than average intelligence.
He stayed with us the whole day, over a distance of fifty-five miles.
English pulverized sugar now began to take the place of Russian lump.
The wheel itself presented various aspects to their ignorant fancies.
Before we were aware of it we had rolled into its crowded auditorium.
The first peculiarity the Chinese notice in a foreigner is his dress.
Likely those you have met with may, but this is no such Creature, Sir.
I warrant thee, Nurse--Oh, how I hope and fear this Night’s Success!
You wou’d not use Extremity; What is the Forfeit of my Disobedience?
For your ten Years Maintenance: Do you know that this in my power too?
Oh, that is he: I know him By the Habit he sent for to the Play-House.
‘Tis not so lucky--but who art thou That dost with so much pity ask?
_Sebastian_, Father to _Antonio_,                       Mr. _Freeman_.
_Clara_, Sister to _Julia_, in love with _Antonio_,      Mrs. _Petty_.
Why so, this is something; Come, come your ways in,--who have we here?
Cry Mercy, my Lord,--and yet I wou’d he were a thousand Leagues off.
An please the Lord, I’ll let my nails grow against that direful day.
I’ll rot in my chains first, before I’ll part with a round ransom.
And all this constant love to old _Francisco_ has but engaged me more.
As soon as you please, my Lord; but let me take my Wife along with me.
As many an honest Man has done before thee--Cuckold him-- cuckold him.
And if I don’t fit you, my dear Uncle, May I never lie with my Aunt.
why, let ‘em fight Dog, fight Bear; mun, I’ll to Bed--go--  _Let_.
_Cease your Wonder, cease your Guess,   Whence arrives your happiness.
_Twice with mystick turning Feet,       Make him silent and discreet_.
Sure my Lady’s Frolick is betray’d, and he comes to make Mischief.
Pox on him, how handsom he is, I hate the sight of the young Stallion.
Madam, your Servant; I hope you’ll see no more Ghosts, Sir _Feeble_.
Come, Sir _Cautious_, I shall fall asleep, and then you’ll waken me.
Yes, Sir, and humbly ask your Pardon, and your Blessing--  Sir _Feeb_.
Alcippus, seeing them together, mad with jealousy, attacks the prince.
King,                                                  Mr. _Westwood_.
I rather fear _Pisaro_, --But we soon enough shall know: Who’s this?
Your pardon, sweet _Alcander_, I protest I am Not in so gay an humour.
What, dear Sister, for I am here confin’d, And cannot go to meet it?
Alcippus, _tell me what you see,     What is’t that I appear to be_?
_What think’st thou of thy Destiny,    Is’t not agreeable to thee?
_claps the Glass with the Emperor on it,     he looks in and sees it_.
Doctor _waits on him to the Door,     and returns: to him_ Scaramouch.
take heed, sure her nice Virtue Is proof against the Vices of her Sex.
Sirrah, must I stand waiting your Leisure, while you are roguing here?
But this Map, Seignior; I protest you have fill’d me with Curiosity.
Oh, of all Nations, Sir, that lie beneath it in the Emperor’s Train!
But it is certain Clun had also acted Iago--(Pepys, 6 February, 1668).
Etheredge, _The Man of Mode; or, Sir Fopling Flutter: ‘Sir Fopling_.
Dryden and Davenant’s _The Tempest_ (1667), Act ii, I: ‘_Ventoso_.
A puppet set up to be thrown at; in modern parlance, ‘Aunt Sally’.
He’s dreadful awkward, that boy!  “Poor Abel! thought Chester.
“I’ll bet Chester Rand has left town with the money, he groaned.
Constable Perkins has got him.  “Call him in, said the minister.
That is the first I have had published.  “You are beginning young.
I am writing an ethnological work, and it will need to be illustrated.
Rob opened the door without ceremony and entered, followed by Chester.
How did you leave your mother?  “Very well, thank you, Mr. Conrad.
You can’t be of much use here.  Chester began to feel discouraged.
My father is in the custom house.  “How long has your cousin—Mr.
I shall spare no pains to make my own work valuable and comprehensive.
She is certainly peculiar, but is good-natured, and never finds fault.
I intimated as much one day, but he said no, that he paid his own way.
I may be able to take a trip to Tacoma with you.  “Thank you, sir.
He went through the corridor and into the reading room to buy a paper.
“They pay beggarly salaries at such places.  “Then I am favored.
Why do you want to know?  “I have no wish to go back, Mr. Mullins.
“I wish we had never met, said the bookkeeper, in a troubled tone.
Sometimes he called on Chester, but for several days they had not met.
I’m stopping at the Continental, on the next block.  “All right!
Is it a fashionable place?  “Yes, with those of small pocketbooks.
“This seems a tiptop place, said the Oregonian, looking about him.
Certainly Edward must have changed, or he would not keep such company.
“Your valuable time will be paid for, said Trimble, sarcastically.
“Do you want me to bring an affidavit from my employers? he asked.
“But it’s ridiculous, payin’ a boy such wages! objected Silas.
In the breasts of the crowd, wonder, admiration, _fear_, and ridicule.
Visitors were out of place in the dark sombreness of Manchester House.
On the contrary, the things she said were rather clumsy and downright.
more than he could sell it for, and so he scrapped his new department.
For the rest, faded and peaked, he hurried shadowily down to the club.
Came letters from him, en route—and then a cablegram from Australia.
No, astounding as it may seem, there was no return of such a creature.
Soft and supple as she was, her backbone never yielded for an instant.
He too touched her and kissed her: and did _not_ rouse her to contest.
And as she left it off she lost her bounce, her colour, and her flesh.
Here she was, with a bang, planked upon the shelf among the old maids.
He spoke in a slightly mouthing way, not well bred in spite of Oxford.
Who ever would have believed she would have been taking tea with them.
“Yes, said Albert, beaming down at her from his strange pale eyes.
He wore very low, turn-down starched collars that showed all his neck.
And feeling in a false position, she took his arm, rather unwillingly.
“I think it’s very good.  “What’s very good? asked Alvina.
Now I wonder why self-consciousness should hinder a man in his action?
“Show Mr. Witham out through the shop, Alvina, said Miss Pinnegar.
And by good luck, when he called one evening in the week, she was out.
He was a tall thin man with a black moustache—about fifty years old.
This was in the first months after she had given Albert his dismissal.
He was at Oxford again—would not return to Woodhouse till Christmas.
And it was then she seemed to shrink: she seemed positively to shrink.
His soft collar, immaculately fresh, had a dark stripe like his shirt.
“I was taking a look at this old erection, with a view to buying it.
And now James, in his cheap little cap, was smiling a formal farewell.
But he still bent unknowing over his plate and gobbled his Irish stew.
She went valiantly round to the front entrance, and climbed the steps.
Feel that, for fairly well! said Mr. May, handing the bag to Alvina.
“I _can’t_ believe people are like that!—sane people! he said.
Mr. May usually took rooms for the artistes in a house down in Lumley.
“Normal.  “Normal! re-echoed Madame’s rather guttural voice.
Women shrieked as Ciccio, in his war-paint, wheeled near the pavement.
Somewhere the sun was setting, and far overhead was a flush of orange.
“I call that too much! Miss Pinnegar was crying, thoroughly upset.
Geoffrey stared with his big, dark-blue eyes stolidly at the newcomer.
It was a dummy knife, but it was a heavy blow—the dog of an Italian.
The two men leaned to each other and kissed farewell, on either cheek.
“Yes, and when we are no longer young, there is not so much to wear.
“Come upstairs, Miss Houghton! called Madame’s voice from above.
“We will go in this way, she said, suddenly opening the hall door.
Monday passed, and Ciccio did not come: Tuesday passed: and Wednesday.
The two women went out to meet the cab-man, who had James in his arms.
At half-past seven she arose, and started the business of the new day.
Here he turned, lingeringly, to her, and she lingered in front of him.
And so she went downstairs, to that horrible cousin of her father’s.
Madame looked round like a bird, examining the room and the furniture.
Her black veil, pushed up, sagged over her brows like a mourning band.
He is a man of the people, a boatman, a labourer, an artist’s model.
Alvina shivered as she stood on the bleak hillside, by the open grave.
Now she would have given anything to see the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras again.
Louis was tender, Geoffrey round-eyed and inquisitive, Ciccio furtive.
“Brava—Brava! cried the others, when Madame sank into her place.
But the spell was on her, of his darkness and unfathomed handsomeness.
“Oh, yo’n made yer bed then, han’ yer!  “Yes, said Alvina.
You don’t take a drop o’ nothink, do yer?  “No, said Alvina.
All right, gi’e ’s ha ’efcrown today, an’ t’other termorrer.
She brought all to Madame, and Madame fingered the treasures lovingly.
And she was with him, on his side, outside the pale of her own people.
I hate it.  “Why? he said, with a curious, sarcastic intonation.
He made a gesture with his head and shoulders, evasive, non-committal.
“But hasn’t your world often come to an end before? said Alvina.
“I can’t be the bride of all four of you, said Alvina, laughing.
“Pacohuila and Walgatchka are blood-brothers, two bodies, one blood.
Ciccio came down, in his shirt-sleeves as usual, but wearing a collar.
She lingered over her possessions: what to take, and what not to take.
He sat down and scrutinized her sharply, officially, before beginning.
There were her graves: her mother’s, Miss Frost’s, her father’s.
But every individual has his own, or her own fate, and her own sphinx.
Do I owe anything?  “I don’t think you do, said Miss Pinnegar.
After which she went to the library and got out a book on her subject.
His face was red and clean-shaven, his eyes blue, his teeth very good.
The men did not like Dr. Mitchell, and would not have him if possible.
He’d jump down my throat with both feet afore I’d opened my mouth.
But luckily she felt she knew her work at least as well as he knew it.
And she talked him over, with quiet, delicate malice, with the matron.
From his imperious condescension he took to a tone of uneasy equality.
The hateful problem of material circumstance would be solved for ever.
But he would kiss her—and against that she obstinately set her will.
In this northern town Alvina found that her individuality really told.
“Won’t you play again? she called into the night, to the unseen.
A man’s figure was seen hovering outside the gate, on the high-road.
“Can’t you stand my presence! he shouted, and dashed downstairs.
She had run away from both men—from Ciccio as well as from Mitchell.
She saw Effie’s long, outstretched arm of repudiation and weariness.
You come with me, to my place in the mountains, to my uncle’s house.
“The sun! said Ciccio, nodding towards the orb and smiling to her.
Ciccio took his hat from his tear-stained face and put it on his head.
She watched spell-bound: spell-bound by the magic of the world itself.
But she saw the golden dawn, a golden sun coming out of level country.
She could not understand why he seemed upset and in a sort of despair.
Giovanni touched his hat to Alvina, and gave the lantern to Pancrazio.
They could hear the click of the ass and the ejaculations of Giovanni.
Giocomo puts water in the wine which he sells to the people who go by.
But once, when he was doing a picture—I don’t know if you know it?
Nice morning.  “Does everybody speak English here? asked Alvina.
The village itself was old, dark, in perpetual shadow of the mountain.
She turned with thankfulness to the magenta anemones that were so gay.
Indeed her chief teacher, at first, was a young fellow called Bussolo.
And he seemed always anxious to prove that he had been so good to her.
Ciccio’s group was called up for the following week, as he had said.
(40) To no one will we sell, to no one deny or delay right or justice.
The Contamination of Poetic by False Rhetoric  V. The Middle Ages   1.
Lydgate does not present an isolated case of this meaning of rhetoric.
The rhetorical figures are a garment to clothe the nakedness of truth.
The theologian uses metaphor only as an adornment to his solid matter.
To Harington, then, poetry is useful as an introduction to Philosophy.
Puttenham was also familiar with the _ad Herennium_ and with _Cicero_.
In his paraphrase of this passage and in his comments, Spingarn (_Lit.
Besides, we owed much to the hospitality and kindness of these people.
The Turkish official is one of the politest and most agreeable of men.
All this time our tall, gaunt, meek-looking muleteer had stood silent.
M. Raffl was as cheerful as could be expected under the circumstances.
At the camp we were favored with a special exhibition of horsemanship.
The doors and windows of our Russian quarters were besieged by crowds.
The Ling Darin was never before compelled to answer so many questions.
Our first evening on the river was made memorable by an unusual event.
And I have brib’d her Maid to bring her this Morning into the _Mall_.
Yes, in my Grave, dear _Charles_; But I’ll excuse that Ceremony here.
that gave me so much Misery, And dealt no Courage to prevent the shock.
He were not best in my hearing; Let him do what he will behind my Back.
To what strange Idol Was that I kneel’d, Mistaking it for a Divinity?
No, Sir, were he the only Man Of kind and good, I never wou’d be his.
we ought to make him a visit too, who so kindly sent for us to _Cadiz_.
So the Plot’s at last discover’d,--he was a Cavalier of his Parole.
Only those Friends that wish you better Fortune than this day promises.
By this bright Sword, that is so used to slaughter, he dies; [_Draws_.]
Say’st thou so, prithee then let’s have a touch of Heathen _Greek_.
Set ‘em by, we’ll consider of their ransoms--now unveil the Ladies.
When you are honest _Guzman_ again, I’ll tell you a piece of my mind.
Hah,--do I dream, or is that my Father-in-law, and Signior _Sebastian_?
Sir _Feeble Fainwou’d_, an old Alderman to be married    Mr. _Leigh_.
Mr. _Bearjest_, Nephew to Sir _Cautious_, a Fop,           Mr. _Jevon_.
A wise Man will keep ‘em from baudy Christnings then, and Gossipings.
You had so hamper’d ‘em, Sir--the Devil’s very mischievous in me.
‘Tis he reforms the Sot from Drink,   And teaches airy Fops to think.
Lastly, by the Gold that’s try’d,   For Love all Dangers to abide_.
Well, I find you are not for the Bargain, and so I put up--  Sir _Cau_.
A single Night--to have--to hold--possess--and so forth, at discretion.
I have told him your Desire of seeing him, and shou’d you baffle him?
_Appear, that I thy Love may see,   Appear, kind Fiends, appear to me_.
And you were one of the Devils that beat me, and the Captain here, Sir?
_Alcippus_, Favourite, in love with _Erminia_,         Mr. _Betterton_.
_Galatea_, Daughter to the King,                       Mrs. _Jennings_.
Thou hast restor’d me to a world of Joys, By what thou now hast said.
I’ad rather you should treat me as a Mortal, Rise and begin to do so.
You think you’re wondrous witty now, _Aminta_, But hang me if you be.
Not for the world, _Erminia_, My Innocence shall be my guard and thine.
I found my self not much inclin’d to sleep; I hope ‘tis no offence.
Worn by a Man more vigorous than thy Father, It had not else been here.
Might I without a sin believe this Blessing, Sure I should be immortal.
And when they undeceiv’d me Of my opinion of her being dead--  _Phi_.
Two long strips were sewn to the sides of the blanket by which he held.
Don Cinthio, Don Charmante, _both Nephews_           Young Mr. _Powel_.
They love not like the Vulgar, ‘tis the immortal Part they doat upon.
I’ll go see if the old Gentleman be gone, and return with your Lover.
_Enter_ Scaramouch _undress’d in his Shirt, with a Light; he starts_.
Hum--say you so, Sir; no Emperor ever descend this sixty hundred years?
unhand my Horse, Sirrah, or you shall pay for all the Damage you do me.
_puts up his Calash again, and pulls off his Frock     and drives out_.
_Enter_ Elaria, Bellemante, Mopsophil, _dressed in rich Antick Habits_.
are we not, think you, in that World above, I often heard you speak of?
And, Sir, the Prince of _Thunderland_ salutes you, and your fair Neice.
Stay, mighty Emperor, and vouchsafe to be the Umpire of our Difference.
I have supplied the wenches’ names as given in the Dramatis Personae.
4to 1677 adds ‘The End of the Fourth Act.’  p. 72, l. 22 _Scene I_.
Besides this passage there are four other allusions to him to be found.
1 Bow Street, Covent Garden, on the west side corner of Russell Street.
It was very fashionable, and is frequently alluded to in poem and play.
I, D’Urfey’s _Wit and Mirth; or, Pills to Purge Melancholy_ (1719).
In the original _Arlequin Empereur dans la Lune_ Scaramouch is Pierrot.
“It’s awful hard to get a place in Wyncombe.  “I suppose it is.
“Some time I will pay you back the money, Mr. Morris, said Chester.
he hadn’t as much money in the world.  “He was a shif’less man.
“Oh, it’s awful to have your hard earnin’s carried off so sudden.
And the street is so wide, too.  “Yes, I like Thirty-fourth street.
Ranged in three rows were small tables, each designed for four persons.
He did not, however, allow this feeling to interfere with his appetite.
“You boys must be somewhere near the same age, said the bookkeeper.
I am ever so much obliged to Mr. Perkins for the money to go.  “Mr.
He was about to go out when Chester entered, returning from his errand.
Mr. —— You didn’t tell me your name.  “Silas Tripp.  “Mr.
“Has he adopted you? he asked, in a tone bordering on impertinence.
“There he stands! answered Sharpleigh, calmly, pointing to Ralston.
Probably ideas and suggestions may come to you while you are traveling.
“Good-evening, Chester, returned the bookkeeper, flushing slightly.
“But, my dear, he is dead, said Abner Trimble, with a slight frown.
All his plans, so carefully laid, were menaced with ignominious defeat.
They flocked to the well-to-do weddings with an intoxication of relief.
What matter if the farthing change had originally cost him a halfpenny!
He went a long walk with her one night, and wanted to make love to her.
It was a hard task, an anxious, bitter task Miss Frost had set herself.
She was due to follow her Alexander in three months’ time, to Sydney.
Then Miss Houghton drank her black tea and ate her bread and margarine.
And never once did she feel anything but exhilarated and in full swing.
She kept a few private things, she inherited a few pieces of jewellery.
And in her expostulation there was a touch of mockery for such a creed.
What a pretty, luminous place it was, carved in substantial luminosity.
Perhaps that is why they are absolutely blind to conventional ugliness.
To feel the earth heave and shudder and shatter the world from beneath.
Mrs. Houghton complained bitterly, sometimes, that _she_ had _no_ love.
“Look at The Shakespeare’s Head, in Knarborough.  “Knarborough!
She was thin and nipped and wistful looking, about forty-two years old.
He was sly and slow and uneducated also, and spoke with a broad accent.
There was a terrible sombre futility, nothingness, in Manchester House.
“You haven’t got any engagement, then, for this evening? he said.
She seemed to lose count, under the firm compression he imposed on her.
Therefore Miss Pinnegar’s quiet harping on the string was unbearable.
In James’s younger days, Jordan was an obscure and illiterate nobody.
Odd that his cheap cap, by incongruity, made him look more a gentleman.
“I wonder what it is, now.  “I can’t imagine, laughed Alvina.
Quick!  Alvina flew down to peep round the corner of the shop window.
“Of cauce, he said, “the erection will be a merely temporary one.
If he had been a bird, his innate horror of a cat would have been such.
Every hour brought the first performance of his Pleasure Palace nearer.
You don’t know how conceited they are.  He watched her a long time.
The Endeavour paid its way, and made just a margin of profit—no more.
“I shall have to stay with Madame tonight, she explained hurriedly.
sometimes!  There was a silence between the two women, very pregnant.
My heart is kind to few people—very few—especially in this England.
She lay leaning sideways in her chair, and could not even speak to him.
Hé?  He looked up at her, the slow, derisive smile curling his lips.
That evening Ciccio, whenever he had a moment to spare, watched Alvina.
The way the neck sprang from the strong, loose shoulders was beautiful.
He turned, rubbing his hands together, and drying them on an old cloth.
I never knew such impertinent people—  But Alvina did not hear her.
Miss Pinnegar, red-eyed and yellow-skinned, was irritable beyond words.
Outside was a faint, watery sunshine: but at least it was out of doors.
“At four o’clock, said Madame, “when the funeral has come home.
“We are one tribe, one nation— they shouted, with varying accent.
Ciccio however did not come up, but sat faintly twanging the mandoline.
Oh my dear—! Madame turned pale and darted looks of fire at Alvina.
I have become quite weak, hearing you! She panted and shook her head.
If Miss Houghton asks me—  Miss Pinnegar looked solemnly at Alvina.
Miss Pinnegar sat dumped by the fire, with her spectacles and her book.
You can just eat a mouthful of lunch, and go now.  They went indoors.
“You can’t economize over that.  “I begrudge it, said Alvina.
Oh, the matron would lend her uniform and aprons, till her box arrived.
For Alvina, poor Dr. Mitchell fell into this third category, of clowns.
She kept her attitude of quiet amusement, and little by little he sank.
“I’m going to drive you back.  “Oh no, thanks, don’t trouble!
“What’s wrong with that? he said, holding up the bitten cucumber.
“I’m not talking about what’s wrong with that, said the doctor.
And she, wicked that she was, admired every detail of his drawing-room.
“It may be that up till now I have lived for others, for my patients.
But think about it now— He began to be hugely pleased with himself.
Poor Geoffrey was a Frenchman—he would have to go to France to fight.
She put her hand behind her back, and looked obstinately into his eyes.
But she only continued to look mockingly and obstinately into his eyes.
Tommy wanted to compose music, so he lived on what his father gave him.
It was swift, and full of the terrible yearning which so horrified her.
At the same moment a spasm crossed her face, her expression went blank.
Other forces will put you together again.  “I don’t want them to.
I want to be myself.  “You won’t be nailed together like a chair.
The only thing to do was to act: seize hold of life and wring its neck.
Was it atavism, this sinking into extinction under the spell of Ciccio?
He had already seen some hard service, and had a wild, bewildered look.
O Ciccio, Ciccio, I shall die without thee!  “But no, Gigi, frère.
And she divined that they were wondering if she was already with child.
He lived alone now, for his wife was dead and his children were abroad.
A porter came and asked her questions, of which she understood nothing.
He glanced at Alvina with slow, impersonal glances, not at all a stare.
Great precipices rose on the right, the ruddiness of sunset above them.
Low, squalid sort of buildings stood around—with some high buildings.
“They have not done what I told them, the tiresome people! he said.
And her sense of the beauty of the place was an infinite relief to him.
But with no pots, and over a smoking wood fire, what could she prepare?
“Will you be able to stop here till the baby is born? he asked her.
However, she had a clean room of her own, where she could sew and read.
In politics he was something of a Socialist, in religion a freethinker.
And they would all be so sentimental about her—just as Pancrazio was.
We will hold the ‘escheat’ in the same manner as the baron held it.
To Plutarch, imitation meant a naturalistic copy of things as they are.
The meanings of words change, and with such changes we have no quarrel.
Plato in his day called the war between philosophy and poetry age-long.
Then she addresses herself directly to the poets to laud their virtues.
(London, 1634)  [151] Dekker and Middleton, _The Roaring Girl_, III, 3.
In such a case we would take the nearest shelter, whatever it might be.
We could not see the summit, so far was it above the enveloping clouds.
We reached the bridge, and crossed the moat, but the gates were closed.
He had traveled in India, and had even heard some one speak of America.
A Kalmuck was dashing toward us with a portentous look on his features.
When in sight of the viceroy’s palace, they closed in on us entirely.
In shaking hands with a Chinaman we thus very often had our hands full.
Even the roadway served in many places as a temporary irrigating-canal.
Mandarins, however, in death as in life, travel alone and with retinue.
His flowing dress was made of rich colored silk, but very plain indeed.
The same, by Fortune, dear _Ned_: And how, and how, Man, how go Matters?
Sir _Tim_.--Hey day, here’s Wooing indeed--Will she never begin, trow?
Be not so hasty, Friend: Endeavour first to reconcile your Uncle to’t.
Oh my _Celinda_!--      _To preserve thee, what is’t I wou’d not do?
Come, Lady--dry your Eyes: This Man deserves not all the Tears you shed.
Ay, ay, silly indeed--a Pox upon her--a silly Knight, you say--  _Driv_.
Well--I see there’s not one honest Whore i’th’ Nation, by Fortune.
For me, by Heav’n she is; And for the rest, I do not doubt her Virtue.
_Guzman_, Gentlemen to _Carlos_,                        Mr. _Underhill_.
_Jacinta_, Woman to _Julia_,                             Mrs. _Osborne_.
I beg you’ll not be jealous; for this, by Heav’n, is only my Design.
Farther, Sir, he kisses your hand, with a more than ordinary friendship.
The best of those you think I should not name, dare hardly tell me this.
Hum, I think this is indeed Heathen _Greek_, I’m sure ‘tis so to me.
My Lord, a Barge from the Galley is just arriv’d at the Garden-Stairs.
Mercy, Sir, that honour you may spare, Age has done my business already.
This, Sir,--cry mercy, my Lord,--’tis Don _Carlos_, Sir, the Governor.
Mr. _Gayman_, a Spark of the Town, Lover of _Julia_,    Mr. _Betterton_.
Ay, ay, Women that are discreet, are always thus upon their Wedding-day.
Tour Railing cannot make me cold,     So fast as they a Warmth inspire_.
Heaven forbid, not I, I have not met with that Wonder in all my Travels.
Ha--defend me; if this be she, I must rival the Devil, that’s certain.
And with my impatient Love, A thousand mad and wild Desires are burning!
He trembled, was inaudible, melted in agony, and had to leave the stage.
Not if you mean to speak on’t, But I shall soon enough betray my self.
I will not promise; what I mean to do My Virtue only shall oblige me to.
Insensibles are touched to see   My languishments, and seem to pity me_.
Does the ungrateful Wretch hide his own head, And send his Spies abroad?
Come, now a tear or two to second that, And I am soft again, a very Ass.
What art thou, who at this dead time of Night Hast took possession here?
I guess all, Sirrah, and I heard all, and you shall be rewarded for all.
Here, here I heard ‘em, thou false Steward of thy Master’s Treasure.
how this agrees with all I’ve seen and heard --To Night, say you, Sir?
No more Words, Sir, no more Words, I find it must come to Actions, draw.
When it is descended, it opens and shews the     Emperor and the Prince.
the use of finical as a verb is a nonce word only found in this passage.
It will be remembered that Beatrice had something to say on the subject.
Charles Davenant, LL.D, (1656-1714), eldest son of Sir William Davenant.
The celebrated Tory journalist, pamphleteer and censor was born in 1616.
Westwood was a professional actor of mediocre though useful attainments.
“What shall we do, Chester? she asked, in alarm, when the news came.
He had always enjoyed drawing, but no one had ever encouraged him in it.
“To this boy, answered Bruce, looking affectionately toward Chester.
I didn’t know there was anybody in Wyncombe that would do such things.
I advise you, however, to say nothing in the office about your art work.
A poor woman entered the office, her face bearing the impress of sorrow.
“Proud to make your acquaintance, Mr. Perkins, rejoined the gambler.
Chester called on the detective and was fortunate enough to find him in.
It seemed a wonderful promotion from five dollars a week to twenty-five.
I think you are real smart.  “You mustn’t flatter me, Mrs. Crosby.
Our commission in each case would be several hundred dollars.  “Sho!
At present he is prosperous, and requires no help or adoption.  “Oh!
Mr. Fairchild, valise in hand and dusty with travel, entered the office.
“I don’t much care if Cousin David has gone away, he soliloquized.
You had better let me lend you a little money.  “No, thank you, sir.
When the business was concluded and papers signed, Mr. Dean said: “Mr.
You jumped into the water, and tried to save the kid, but it was no use.
Them are my favorites.  Abner Trimble turned aside to conceal a smile.
“I haven’t any recollection of ever seeing the gentleman, he said.
But perhaps we might hear their own opinion, before we lay the law down.
Bang went his blue pencil through 3/11, and nobly he subscribed 1/0-3/4.
At the club he played chess—at which he was excellent—and conversed.
It was evident she was not a lady: her grammar was not without reproach.
Meanwhile Miss Pinnegar pursued the sober and even tenor of her own way.
But what was his last word but an echo of Miss Pinnegar’s penultimate!
Next door to him was a cheerful new grocer of the cheap and florid type.
She persevered in an off-hand way, somewhat indifferent, albeit dutiful.
It was a strange look in a refined, really virgin girl—oddly sinister.
She was relieved, really: as if she had escaped some very trying ordeal.
Then I shouldn’t have to attend operations. And she laughed quickly.
She kissed them all good-bye, brightly and sprightlily, and off she set.
You’re back to find us busy. And he went off into his ecstasy again.
Ha! Then off into uninterrupted Throttle-Ha’penny ecstasy once more.
Sometimes he would sit moping in a corner, with his head under his wing.
And when she had tea at his house, she would try to rouse his attention.
It was a constant struggle to get from him enough money for necessities.
His impression was one of uncanny flatness, something like a lemon sole.
For one hears no sound from all their mouthing and staring conversation.
Their mechanical, overbearing way was something she was unaccustomed to.
Albert rose also, and reached for his straw hat, with its coloured band.
Alvina lit the incandescent gas-jet that hung in the middle of the room.
With these in her basket she slipped out towards evening, to the Chapel.
When he got to the bottom he crouched over his leg and felt the bandage.
“And I’ve looked out for you everywhere.  It was raining a little.
“He would have been right for you. And she laughed rather mockingly.
In dem Zopf schon graue Härchen Ach, wie schnell vergehn die Jährchen.
A woman was peeling potatoes, sitting on the bottom step of her caravan.
A half-caste girl came up with a large pale-blue enamelled jug of water.
“I can’t make it more than ten pounds a month, said James sharply.
Nothing _horrified_ him more than a woman who was coming-on towards him.
There was Mr. May as a pug dog begging, too lifelike and too impossible.
It’s not a very good machine, and Mr. May is not a very good operator.
Their weight sank sensually into his muscle, and gave him gratification.
“We should have to get a new machine, and pay for the expensive films.
She laughed when she saw her father’s theatre-notices plastered about.
He wanted to arrange a good program for the week when the trams started.
Their great turn, of course, was the Natcha-Kee-Tawara Red Indian scene.
So Madame moaned in four languages as she posed pallid in her arm-chair.
It was a hand such as she did not know, prehensile and tender and dusky.
“I’m afraid she will never be able to dance tomorrow, said Alvina.
Madame slept well and long, rousing and stirring and settling off again.
This afternoon they would practise well the scene of the White Prisoner.
Don’t die _before_ you’ve seen it. He smiled with a knowing smile.
Crowds of excited, shouting children ran chattering along the pavements.
“Can you _believe_ that that’s Mr. May—he’s exactly like a girl.
I don’t hold with idle show-people, parading round, I don’t, myself.
You’re a regular spoil-sport.  “Well, said Miss Pinnegar tartly.
If she had been impractically practical she could have been quite happy.
She laughed till her head lay helpless on the chair, she could not move.
Alvina sat with her face averted, quiet, but unable to speak to Mr. May.
Their conversation consisted a good deal in noises variously ejaculated.
To me he looks very ill.  “Father wears himself away, said Alvina.
“I couldn’t imagine who it was. She eyed the young fellow sharply.
He sent the chocolate-and-orange boy across to the Pear Tree for brandy.
“I shall be there, Signorino.  She spoke with a half-playful threat.
Miss Pinnegar had been so fond of her father, in a quaint, reserved way.
The funeral tea, with its baked meats and sweets, was a terrible affair.
For the rest, she was almost driven mad by people coming to talk to her.
She suddenly said she was going away somewhere: she would not say where.
“Will you go to Woodhouse tomorrow? Madame asked her, rather coolly.
And yet she went forward to him and stood so that her dress touched him.
She looked aside at the black garden, which had a wiry goose-berry bush.
And she saw his eternal smile of triumph slowly growing round his mouth.
Here was the strange sphinx singing again, and herself between its paws!
“Now I think, said Madame, “that today we all take the same train.
Then you, Allaye, go on to Knarborough, and we leave you until tomorrow.
But her knees were still between the powerful, living vice of his knees.
The whole place is talking already.  “I don’t care, said Alvina.
“I’m ashamed to live another day in Woodhouse, said Miss Pinnegar.
The company suspended their laughter and their cards, and looked around.
But now!—nothing!—nothing at the back of her but her hundred pounds.
Then she turned slowly, under the church wall, back to Manchester House.
They seemed to be united into a strong, four-square silence and tension.
He said no more, but walked by her side as she returned to the lodgings.
I drink a drop o’ beer, if that’s what you ca’ touchin’ alcohol.
My husband says they’re the best pair o’ pasties i’ th’ kingdom.
And he was a little too loud-mouthedly lordly to be in human good taste.
“Perhaps _you_ wouldn’t say so, nurse? he said, turning to Alvina.
“We could go in the car, and take them as we chose, said the doctor.
He was overbearing, and had the devil’s own temper if he was thwarted.
Alone and apart from all the world: but by her side, always by her side.
I know it sounds as if all their insides were coming out of their mouth.
They heard a footstep on the gravel, and then the slam of the hall door.
She had spent the last fortnight more or less avoiding the pair of them.
She showed Alexander her watch—exactly ten o’clock, instead of nine.
And she submitted to him as if he had extended his dark nature over her.
She thanked the old man, who bowed as if he had a reputation to keep up.
Alvina had never seen people herd about like cattle, dumb, brute cattle.
Very—_convenient_.  He sat up in triumph, having achieved this word.
“If you like, he replied, making an Italian gesture of indifference.
She felt she would die instantly, everything was so terrible around her.
The fourth room, approached through the corn-chamber, was always locked.
But she was weak and feverish with her cold, which would not get better.
Ciccio came with letters—long-delayed letters, that had been censored.
She had sixty pounds of her own money, always intact in the little case.
“You’ll never be satisfied till you’ve gone, she said to Ciccio.
The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.
In like manner it shall be done concerning aids from the city of London.
In like manner it shall be done concerning aids from the city of London.
The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.
On this basis he judges the _Odyssey_ to be less great than the _Iliad_.
For who will be   taught, if he bee not mooved with desire to be taught?
The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.
But our map of Asiatic Turkey was to them the most curious thing of all.
Old Ararat stood above us grim and terrible beneath the twinkling stars.
This is the “Ark, or ancient fortified castle of the Persian rulers.
We were asked to bestow any little trinket or nick-nack exposed to view.
He evidently gave it up as a conundrum, and started out on another line.
‘Twas from her self alone That I wou’d take the Blessing which I ask.
Sir _Tim_.--Ay, Pox on’t--I han’t slept to Night for thinking on’t.
Sir, I am sure of it; and I am going to bespeak Musick for the Ball anon.
And I another, for Joy that my Brother’s made happy in so fair a Bride.
After the     Dance she takes out Sir_ Timothy, _they walk to a Courant_.
‘Tis fit such as he shou’d be chastis’d, that do abuse Hospitality.
Two overgrown Pages to the False Count, A little Page to the False Count.
Sir, here’s _Francisco_; step aside, Lest mischief shou’d befall you.
Dost know, dull Mortal, that I am a Lord, And _Isabella_ my adopted Lady.
no, ‘tis resolv’d, I’ll live a Slave here, rather than enrich them.
Let it be whose house ‘twill, I think the Devil’s broke loose in’t.
Devil; ‘twas not long since you found me a human creature within there.
Is’t possible, _Leticia_, thou wou’dst fly To foreign Shores with me?
Be sure you contrive it so, he may not know whither, or to whom he comes.
So, now he weeps--far gone--this Laughing and Weeping is a very bad sign!
Ay, Sir--if you say it, and cannot make it out, you’re a--  Sir _Feeb_.
Ay, and makes ‘em too, I’ll warrant him; a dangerous Fellow--  _Noi_.
Shaw, ‘twas a Frolick, Sir, I have lost a hundred Pound as well as you.
No, but I’m wise--and that’s as good; let me consider.--  Sir _Feeb_.
I say, _Cato_ was an Ass, Sir, for obliging any young Rogue of ’.m all.
Oh, hide that fatal Wound, my tender Heart faints with a Sight so horrid!
Abus’d you,--and traduc’d you,--and thus we beg your pardon--  _Gay_.
Why then he was unfit for’t, But that he had a Daughter that was young.
Curse on them; will they not allow him nights to himself;    ‘tis hard.
From Gods and Men, _Erminia_, thou art safe, My best and blest _Erminia_.
What they decree none can withstand,    You must obey what they command_.
Hah, _Pisaro_, I had such a Dream, Such a fine flattering Dream--  _Pis_.
Tell me, said he, my_ Bellemante,   _Will you be kind to your_ Charmante?
Who wou’d doat upon a fond She-Fop?--a vain conceited amorous Coquette.
The Woman’s mad--hark ye, Jade, how long have you been thus distracted?
And are not you a dam’d Son of a--something--to break Articles with me?
Sir, we are dress’d as you commanded us, what is your farther Pleasure?
I have followed the quartos in their metrical arrangement of this speech.
The result is, it must be confessed, not entirely satisfactory in places.
All other editions erroneously continue it as part of Galatea’s speech.
II, p. 409, when Mr. Tickletext on his discovery appeals to the same saw.
Guttle is used in a secondary sense (= to flatter) in _The City Heiress_.
Oldys (MS. note on Langbaine) refers to him as ‘old Mr. John Bowman’.
A small pike having a shaft of one half the length of the full-sized one.
This popular old Scotch song is to be found, with a tune, on p. 317, Vol.
_The Rover_ (II), Act v: ‘Guzman Medicines.’  p. 446 _Signum Mallis_.
Abel is Mr. Tripp’s new boy.  “Indeed, I am surprised to hear that.
When Chester rose to go, Mr. Conrad said:  “Take these papers, Chester.
In the morning Walter Bruce came down to breakfast looking pale and sick.
“Then this five-dollar bill didn’t come from him?  “How could it?
But when the next morning came he heard news that answered this question.
“There’s been robbery and burglary, Mr. Boody, responded Mr. Tripp.
So they’d think it was you.  “It came near being a bad joke for me.
I live just outside of the city, but I am visiting my cousin for the day.
I lodge, but I don’t board here.  Chester was surprised to hear this.
In Wyncombe everyone took his meals in the same house in which he lodged.
“How do you feel about coming to New York, Chester? asked his friend.
You can pay the money to me.  “I won’t, sir, beggin’ your pardon.
It was a large room, the sides lined with bookcases crowded with volumes.
“Arthur, I am done with Chester for this evening, said the professor.
“He had a fever when he was three years old that left his mind a wreck.
“But how can I give it to you? asked Mullins, in a tone of annoyance.
“That reminds me to say that Mr. Tripp is having a hard time with boys.
“What have you found? asked Paul Perkins, looking up from his letter.
“How long does he stay in the city?  “He was to leave this morning.
I might have made something out of him.  “He is not your style, Dick.
He was delayed about ten minutes by a block on the Sixth Avenue car line.
“Do you know anything of Mr. Mullins outside of the office? he asked.
“Is this the editor of _The Phoenix_? inquired Chester, respectfully.
It is very seldom that a young man of your age——  “Call me a boy.
Look at this! and he showed one of the brown packages partly torn open.
Do you think they suspected anything? he continued, turning to Ralston.
My mother is married again, and my stepfather from the first disliked me.
He asked me if I thought you would come     back for four dollars a week.
Mr. Fairchild has raised me to six dollars a week.  “I am glad of it.
But for Chester I should not have had the money to come on from New York.
I will show you a couple, and Chester produced a copy of _The Phoenix_.
Edward concluded: “Now there is nothing to mar my mother’s happiness.
He said many acid and withering things, as he stood there on the rostrum.
But, fortunately or unfortunately, the acetylene plant was not a success.
But Miss Pinnegar persuaded him to take the shop again on Friday evening.
The clear-as-daylight mood disappeared as daylight is bound to disappear.
Miss Frost however meditated bitterly on the fate of the poor dead woman.
For their lives they could not imagine what Miss Frost could find in him.
And again he began to dart absorbedly about, like a bird building a nest.
Now he was in England, at Oxford, where he would take his belated degree.
Supposing it isn’t in your nature to attract loose and promiscuous men!
“Why don’t you have a bicycle, and go out on it? Arthur was saying.
What do you think? he said, glancing down the road in either direction.
And she knew where matches always rested, on a little ledge of the organ.
“Shall I tie it up, then? she repeated at length, a little impatient.
And was he not going to speak to her—not one human word of recognition?
As she stood clinging to the steps she felt weak and a little hysterical.
“Come down on top of me, and I’m lucky I haven’t got my leg broken.
“Oh, well, if you’re so sure— said Miss Pinnegar rather bitingly.
His rather small felt hats still curved jauntily over his full pink face.
“Yes, said Miss Pinnegar, “you see me issuing tickets, don’t you?
People will talk.  “I should almost feel flattered, laughed Alvina.
He collected all his odds and ends from every corner of Manchester House.
Of all blossoms, the arum, the arum lily is most mystical and portentous.
“Would you believe it? said Miss Pinnegar, relinquishing it to James.
“There are two kinds of friendships, he said, “physical and mental.
_There_ I made the great mistake of trying to find the two in one person!
“No—no, she said to Max, who would have followed to her assistance.
“You say Thursday? There was a note of strong rebellion in her voice.
“Did you want anything? said Alvina, who had not followed the French.
But I shan’t go to live—  “Have you a mother and father?  “I?
“But your Sue now, in Jude the Obscure—is it not an interesting book?
They gave him a welcome and a whiskey—but none of them had seen Ciccio.
It is all right—forgotten— Madame sounded quite frank and restored.
The fine sharp uprightness of Max seemed much finer, clearer, more manly.
The sound went out into the audience, a soft, malevolent, derisive sound.
It is not much, because we are not millionaires in the Natcha-Kee-Tawara.
“Should you like—? he answered, with a sly smile and a faint shrug.
CHAPTER IX ALVINA BECOMES ALLAYE   Alvina wept when the Natchas had gone.
But that doesn’t alter it. She lapsed into dead silence for a moment.
But in his eyes, which kept hers, there was a dark flicker of ascendancy.
And at last the cousin went away, with a profound dislike of Miss Alvina.
Luckily none of the funeral guests would arrive till after one o’clock.
He sat constrained, with his face averted, his eyes dropped, but smiling.
“It has a bad sound—a sound of a bad augury, bad sign, said Madame.
Ma-rà-sca!—that is bad, like swearing.  “But what sort of badness?
If it were a thousand pounds, then he would want very badly to marry you.
Men are like cats, my dear, they don’t like their bread without butter.
But if you like I will speak to him—  “What to say? asked Alvina.
And there was herself, who didn’t know in the least what she was doing.
She was a rough and rather beery-looking Yorkshire woman, not attractive.
Why must you pity him?  “You’re a lost girl! cried Miss Pinnegar.
I’m sure _we_ are all quite willing to do our best to contribute to it.
Then she went on with her egg, slow and persistent in her movements, mum.
Five hundred, even two hundred pounds would have made all the difference.
I shall go straight there.  “Why can’t you come now? said Ciccio.
While the trouble was hanging over, they seemed to ignore her altogether.
The men she chiefly ignored: she felt much more friendly with the matron.
“I am a doctor not only to cure illness, but to prevent it where I can.
He begins to show some taste at last.  “There now! said the matron.
I know I should want this room for my own.  “Then have it, he said.
She was as fussy as if some one had given her a lovely new pair of boots.
Come now! He smiled imminent, and held out his large hand for her hand.
Je vous envoie une rose— And she threw the roses out on to the drive.
“You’ve done all those things! And she scrutinized Alvina’s face.
Rather a hefty brute—  Mrs. Tuke glanced at her, to detect the irony.
“So you came with your valet? she said, as Ciccio stood with the bag.
Yes? He put his hand on her, and she started as if she had been struck.
Alvina and Ciccio sat aft on the second-class deck, their bags near them.
It was night, the train ran better, there was a more easy sense in Italy.
Out they trotted, leaving Alvina abandoned with the pile of hand luggage.
From a shed issued a smallish, brigand-looking fellow carrying a lantern.
It was rather like a room on the stage, gloomy, not meant to be lived in.
But Pancrazio had on the fire a great black pot, dangling from the chain.
And Pancrazio rather resented the amount of faggots consumed for nothing.
What was the terrible man’s passion that haunted her like a dark angel?
She knew this as she watched him now, with all his body talking politics.
The _Rhetoric_ of Aristotle has sometimes been called the first rhetoric.
The profitable subject matter was theoretically supplied by the allegory.
Under garnishing of speech the author treats only the rhetorical figures.
Indeed, Cicero never considers _divisio_ as one of the parts of a speech.
Gascoigne is concerned with the style of poetry, not with its philosophy.
They should not offer evil examples, nor should their matter be unhonest.
Accordingly, to them the poet has the same aim as the orator--persuasion.
xi; Dionysius of Halicarnassus, _De Lysia_, 7; Quintilian, VIII, iii, 62.
listed by P. Deschamps, _Essai bibliographique sur M. T. Ciceron_ (Paris.
_Poetria magistri Johannis anglici de arte prosayca metrica et rithmica_.
They have no idea of being ground down under the oppressor’s iron heel.
Over the rocks and boulders the descent was much slower and more tedious.
Meshed was the pivotal point upon which our wheel of fortune was to turn.
We trudged up one of the steepest ascents we have ever made with a wheel.
The anteroom into which we were ushered was in keeping with its exterior.
This was all there was to give to the place the air of busy headquarters.
The interview was conducted as nearly as possible in the foreign fashion.
It cannot be denied that Mrs. Behn has greatly improved Wilkins’ scenes.
Look on this Lady, Sir--Ha, ha, ha,--Well, Sir--Well, Sir-- And what then?
I do, Sir, and you may approach yet nearer, And let me know your Business.
However, I’ll expect him, lest he be fool-hardy enough to keep his Word.
Hold there, Sir, ‘tis enough, we are satisfy’d, that you have Courage.
Dost think a feeble vain Excuse Shall satisfy me for this Night’s abuse?
Lord, Lord, that you should not know your Friend and humble Servant, _Tim.
The ready Victim is the noblest way, Your Zeal and Obligations too to pay.
All but divine _Celinda_, Appear strange Monsters to my Eyes and Thoughts.
it might have led my Rage, Full of Despair and Jealousy to have hurt thee.
Indeed, but she has great need of his service in a very particular manner.
At your own Peril be it then, Signior, for the _Turks_ are coming upon us.
Ah, my Lord, they bear up briskly to us, with a fresh Gale and full Sails.
Young, what shou’d such an old doting Coxcomb as I do with a young Wife?
One golden-pointed Dart take back;   But which, O_ Cupid, _wilt thou take?
O gracious Wife, leave me not in despair; [_Kneels to her and holds her_.]
Unmerciful _Antonio_, to drive the Jest so far; ‘tis too unconscionable!
So in that lucky Play of the _London Cuckolds_, not to recite Particulars.
‘Tis yet too early, but my Soul’s impatient, And I must see _Leticia_.
For shame, Sir, shall the Reverend Council of the City debate without you?
Why will you not go back, And give me one soft hour, though to torment me?
Haste, Dear; the Parson waits, To finish what the Powers design’d above.
No truly, Sir, those were some I hired--to beat you for abusing me to day.
_Erminia_, Daughter to _Orgulius_, espous’d to the     Mrs. _Betterton_.
To please the peevish humour of a Woman, Who in that point only is a Fool.
But had you seen me when I gain’d them, Ladies, In that heroick posture.
I must believe thee, yet methinks thy Face Has put on an unwonted gravity.
Passion merits some return, And should that prove but an ingrateful scorn?
This were an opportunity indeed To do my Prince a service, but I dare not.
Cast off your Tears, abandon Grief,    And give what you have seen belief.
The farce was put on as a first piece at Covent Garden, 14 February, 1739.
Ask thee a thousand Questions of my Health after my last night’s fright.
‘Twas sent your Reverence from the _Virtuoso_, or some of the Cabalists.
How little Faith I give to all your Courtship, who leaves our Orb so soon.
Oh, yes, Madam; the last I serv’d, was an Alderman’s Wife in the City.
Clerk--If ever I saw in my Life, I thought I saw a Gentleman and a Calash.
I’ll warrant you some Rogue that has some Plot on my Niece and Daughter.
4tos add ‘with Don’, which seems unsuitable as the company are seated.
4to 1687 reads ’.he End of the Fourth Act.’  p. 260, l. 17 _Scene II_.
This line is not in 1724.  p. 305, l. 15 _must be let down ... must play_.
I have inserted this name here and as speech-prefix instead of ‘Lady’.
Arlechino appeared in 1671 thus: ‘Veste et pantalon à fond jaune clair.
The Ebelus was a jewel of great price bestowed upon Gonzales by Irdonozur.
The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.
Bruce was pronounced to have a low fever, and to be quite unfit to travel.
I ain’t no call to keep him.  “Then you won’t do anything for him?
His constitution was fragile, and the disease had undermined his strength.
I think, however, that I have     found a way of obviating this objection.
If you’ll come next Monday I’ll pay you two dollars and a half a week.
It was his first appearance in a paper, and it was a proud moment for him.
It was a pleasant, sunny day, and everything looked bright and attractive.
Two hundred dollars is a good deal of money.  “To a boy like you, yes.
I have seen the time when a ten-dollar-bill would have been welcome to me.
“Do you like to cry out in that manner?  “No, but—I have to do it.
What is your address?  Chester gave it, and Mr. Fairchild wrote it down.
Still he had his employer’s confidence, and that gave him much pleasure.
They entered, and this brings us to the point where the last chapter ends.
“Well, I don’t complain, answered Perkins, in a matter-of-fact tone.
“Are you fond of the theater?  “Yes, sir, answered Felix, eagerly.
“I’m going to speak to the old man.  He touched him on the shoulder.
Besides, his income would be largely, at any rate considerably, increased.
“It seems likely to be permanent.  “Well, I guess I must be goin’.
Dick Ralston was in the real estate office when the telegram was received.
Do you expect to save it out of your salary? he concluded, with a sneer.
Then he counted out from the drawer beside him a hundred dollars in bills.
“Yes.  “You will be willing to testify to this at the police office?
“That will give the thief a chance to escape, suggested the detective.
“Is it a trick of yours? he demanded, looking suspiciously at Mullins.
It depends upon himself whether he stays.  “I am very glad of it, sir.
Are you at work?  “Not just at present, replied Edward, embarrassed.
“It won’t be worth while for me to go back while Mr. Trimble is alive.
This he seemed to consider a very     liberal offer, and it was—for him.
“Was there any boat near, Floyd? asked Trimble, winking significantly.
Mrs. Trimble uttered a wild cry, but her face lighted up with supreme joy.
This space of three generations argues a certain well-established society.
Carpenters and joiners appeared, and the premises were completely severed.
He was an Australian, who had been in Edinburgh taking his medical degree.
But after all, he had only six weeks in England, before sailing to Sydney.
In Alvina high-mindedness was already stretched beyond the breaking point.
Underneath her appearance of appeal, Alvina was almost coldly independent.
And across the space came her quiet commonplaces—but fraught with space.
Eh, they come down on you plumb, as if th’ roof had laid its egg on you.
Only when she was alone she suffered till she felt her heart really broke.
You can see why she never wanted to grow old, so that she couldn’t work.
This loggia would give a wonderful outlook to the south-west and the west.
Presently Arthur entered, in his shirt-sleeves: rather attractive-looking.
Alvina piloted the man through the long, dark, encumbered way of the shop.
She knew Mr. Calladine, the caretaker would not lock up till she had been.
“Oh, it’s all right, he said, turning aside and taking up his tools.
Even the substitutes, _employment_ or _work_, were detestable, unbearable.
But he seized on James’s admission, as something to be made the most of.
As he walked he glanced alertly hither and thither, and saluted everybody.
What is my wife to live on?  “I’ve got to make it pay, said James.
And _who_ are they?  The policeman eyed him more suspiciously than ever.
These ’ere’s the pews out of the old Primitive Chapel.  “Sorry ah!
They noiselessly entered and peeped stealthily over the heaped bedclothes.
Where is my needle? She looked round the room as Ciccio kissed her hand.
Will you be ready at once, _now_?  He looked excitedly at the young men.
“But perhaps I shan’t go back to Naples.  “Never?  “Ah, never!
She watched him vaguely, with strange vague trust, implicit belief in him.
My heart is old enough to be kind, and my head is old enough to be clever.
And then Madame wiped her own shrewd black eyes, and nodded slow approval.
We will think of it, and speak perhaps to your father, and you shall come!
She could not put out the glow which surrounded Kishwégin and her troupe.
Madame too had her avaricious side, and was glad to get back the slippers.
The faint smile grew on the lower part of his face, which he kept averted.
So they watched each other, as strangers across a wide, abstract distance.
No, I can’t.  She lifted her veil, kissed Alvina, and dabbed her eyes.
Why will you?  “I suppose because I like him, said Alvina, flushing.
“Is it their own?  “So I _believe_—  Again Madame nodded sagely.
The coffin had been carried down and laid in the small sitting-room—Mrs.
You’d have thought they’d have buried Miss Frost beside Mrs. Houghton.
And now she seemed to see them from a great distance, out of her darkness.
Now she left off this, and took four diamond rings, and one good sapphire.
They began with hors d’oeuvres and tumblers three parts full of Chianti.
“A—A—Ai—Aii—eee—ya— began Madame, with a long, faint wail.
They were so obviously a theatrical company—people apart from the world.
They decided to go out to Woodhouse on the tram-car, a long hour’s ride.
But modern education, so shallow, was much more efficacious than instinct.
“And when you go back, you will go back to your old village? she said.
In the bedroom he stared almost dismayed at the colossal bed and cupboard.
Well then, let us drink to it. He lifted his glass, and bowed to Alvina.
But _never_ quite on top of me, you see, before—  There was a silence.
She was tired after her day: too tired to trouble about anything any more.
Miss Pinnegar came and unbolted the yard door, but ignored their presence.
And that would make her _something_ of a catch, to people who had nothing.
“And it will be necessary to make an account of everything in the house.
“Why do you always say you can’t?  “Because I can’t, she said.
“You have lived for your work till now.  “It may be that, he said.
“What have you to say to me?  She looked up at him with confused eyes.
And but for the knowledge that he would kiss her, she would have given it.
She had tea with him practically every afternoon, and she got used to him.
In Woodhouse, she knew, it elevated her in the common esteem tremendously.
“Not a bit, said Tommy, laying his hand on the other man’s shoulder.
The wind was cold over the wintry sea, though the sun’s beams were warm.
It was like a long, ash-grey coffin, winter, slowly submerging in the sea.
And both Ciccio and Pancrazio answered rather coldly, with some _hauteur_.
They passed through a darkness of woods, with a swift sound of cold water.
“He is not quite sensible. Then he broke into a loud flood of dialect.
The silence of Ciccio in his bed was as horrible as the rest of the night.
Well, at last Pancrazio went off with his great black pan, and she set to.
She had her room upstairs, her cups and plates and spoons, her own things.
She had written to the matron and Mrs. Tuke, and Mrs. Tuke had sent books.
Corn and maize were growing green and silken, vines were in the small bud.
This matter shall be resolved by the judgement of his equals in our court.
Contents    Part First:  The General Theory of Rhetoric and of Poetry   I.
As imitative arts Aristotle mentions poetry, dancing, music, and painting.
A middle is that which follows something as some other thing follows   it.
Instead of rehearsing facts, the dramatist or the epic poet creates truth.
Albucius, a famous professor of the schools, once pleaded a case in court.
Other classical critical treatises filtered into England even more slowly.
The pleasure is afforded by a euphonious style, and by fables and stories.
This soon degenerated into an extravagant system of speculative mysticism.
This, he insists, is an unfruitful manner in which to spend one's efforts.
The argument of poetry in accomplishing this end is primarily the example.
This will furnish them with ekmek and pilaff, and that is all they expect.
With the usual coffee and cigarettes, the kadi became informal and chatty.
Evening came, and no word from either the mutessarif or the Kurdish chief.
After a rather mysterious parley, our zaptiehs signaled that all was well.
Attracted by this sign of water, we drew near, and found a copious spring.
Although we arose at four, seven o’clock saw us still at the encampment.
We were also favored with a special letter for the journey to the capital.
Out stepped a man, tall and portly, with beard and hair of venerable gray.
Another musician usually accompanied by beating little sticks on a saucer.
Here we spent the night, and continued on to Kuldja the following morning.
It is needless to say that, at this rate, the guards did not stay with us.
This we had frequently done before where restaurants were not to be found.
They are one of the necessary evils it seems, and no secret is made of it.
At last the front and rear parts of the machine became entirely separated.
The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification number is 64-6221541.
Do not persuade me, Madam, I am resolv’d to make him weary of his Wooing.
And canst thou think this Beauty meant for thee, for thee, dull common Man?
If this be all, to tell me of your Love, To morrow might have done as well.
Yes, by all that’s good, I am; I love you more than I do Life, or Heaven!
I well remember at thy Age I fancy’d a thousand fine things of that kind.
Oh, I’m undone!--Sir, I dare not suppose so greatly in favour of my self.
Sir, it may be Things have so fallen out, that she could not possibly come.
Command me any thing that’s just and brave; And, by my Eyes, ‘tis done.
Let him be blasted with the Name of Coward, That dares dispute your Orders.
Why, how now, _Frank_--by Fortune, the Rogue is Maudlin--So, ho, ho, so ho.
Well, _Sham_, thou hast prepar’d all things, and there needs no Ceremony.
Bring him anon to my Lodgings, where we’ll prepare him for the Adventure.
Since he’s to marry my Sister, why shou’d you refuse him that Civility.
I find no fault with your sleeping, ‘tis the best quality you have a-bed.
That you might receive a Lover,--’tis plain--and my Indignation’s high.
You are old, Signior, and we expect no good from you but Prayers to Heaven?
oh, I’m not able to indure it,--why, what the Devil made me a ship-board?
My Lord, you must retire, they’re just bringing the Old Gentleman ashore.
And then you may in triumph laugh at all the rest of your Brother Cuckolds.
Gave you free leave to range the Palace round, excepting my Apartment only?
To day has done as well, Sir, I have only chang’d _Isabella_ for _Clara_.
_Enter_ Ralph _and_ Bellmour _disguised, gives him a Letter,     he reads_.
shew your self a Rascal of Parts, Sirrah, and wait on him up with Ceremony.
suffer now your Cruelty to cease,   And to a fruitless War prefer a Peace_.
Chearer of Age, Youth’s kind Unrest,   And half the Heaven of the blest_.
Calm your rage, and hear me; if you are so, You are an innocent Adulteress.
The noise rouses Erminia who issues from her room and encounters Philander.
Let me see--let me see; I know not where To place them--I think in my Face.
Than this a more unhappy could not be; Destroy it, or expect to hear of me.
Sir, take a resolution to be calm, And not like Men in love abandon Reason.
By _Jove_, I do not question it, _Cleontius_: What need this odd Punctilio?
Perhaps ‘twill make me mad, or end my life, Either of which will ease me.
--In every part _Erminia_ does appear, And sure no Devil can inhabit there.
A great effect was produced when Harlequin is tossed in a blanket, Act iii.
No otherwise than by your fair Eyes, Madam; he got away unseen and unknown.
And so would yours, had they been so well employ’d as mine, this morning.
Harlequin_ was left in the Garden, I’ll tell him the News of _Mopsophil_.
Pox on’t, what Fools are we, we cou’d not know one another by Instinct?
The Moon, the Moon she means; I am transported, over-joy’d, and ecstasyd!
But we lose precious time, since you design me a kind Hour in your Chamber.
4to 1690 and 1724 ‘Taffety.’  p. 358, l. 22 _Philander’s Apartments_.
The dedication only occurs in 4tos 1687, 1688.  p. 391, l. 6 _Billet Doux_.
There were, in Post-Restoration times, two interpretations of the word Jig.
The players ‘dumfounded’ each other with sudden blows stealthily dealt.
Dryden and Lee’s excellent tragedy was produced at Dorset Garden in 1679.
Salamanca had an unsavoury reputation owing to the fictions of Titus Gates.
The path is based on the etext number (which is identical to the filename).
He reached home at last, and put the three dollars in his mother’s hands.
He had set it down, and was resting his tired arms when Chester came along.
I expect they thought they’d get a good sum out of me for boardin’ him.
It is the deed of five lots in the town of Tacoma, in Washington Territory.
He decided to tell no one of his good luck but his mother and the minister.
There’s a lot of money missing.  Abel stopped sweeping and turned pale.
“It is Mr. Gardener, the lawyer, said Chester, looking from the window.
I am afraid I could not afford to say less.  “I consider it too little.
I have no doubt you will find me, and the professor mentioned the number.
“I am glad old Fairchild is gone, said Dick Ralston, lowering his tone.
but this is wonderful.  Chester did not feel called upon to say anything.
He forged my name, more than once, and to save him I paid the forged notes.
“EDITORS OF THE PHOENIX.  Chester was quite exhilarated by this letter.
I forgot to say that I shall be a considerable part of the time in my room.
I never met an artist before.  “I am afraid I am not much of an artist.
We wish to give a chance to smaller investors, like yourself, for instance.
Mebbe I’ll come and see you ag’in soon.  Mr. Gripp smiled to himself.
At seven they came downstairs and sat in the lobby on a sofa near the door.
And then?  “I will send Felix to the bank and draw out sixteen hundred.
Perhaps you will be kind enough to leave word at the nearest police office.
“I had a deposit in a savings bank, put in during my own father’s life.
A zig-zag wooden stair-way was rigged up the high back of Manchester House.
If she did chance to get an inkling, then gladly she called in reply “Mr.
It was one of the sights of the place, Houghton’s window on Friday night.
His hair, gone very thin, was brushed frail and floating over his baldness.
Miss Frost looked grave and silent, but would not openly deny her approval.
She felt herself going distracted—she felt she was going out of her mind.
“Whatever put such an idea into your head, Vina? asked poor Miss Frost.
And which, in her curious perverseness, Alvina must have intended it to be.
Who in Woodhouse was going to afford a two-guinea nurse, for a confinement?
Even such activity would have made her presence too disturbing in the room.
The business of the daughter is with her own fate, not with her mother’s.
She decided to move into the big, monumental bedroom in front of the house.
For at this time she did not translate it into a desire, or need, for love.
Miss Pinnegar was prepared to combat him now by sheer weight of opposition.
He knew, and he feared Miss Pinnegar’s violent and unmitigated hostility.
He was keen and sly in business, very watchful, and slow to commit himself.
I shall go away.  “It’s bound to fail, said Arthur Witham stolidly.
In the family of three brothers there was one—not black sheep, but white.
Lottie told Alvina all about him, and Alvina was quite excited to meet him.
And yet she seemed to hear no sound, no word from him: nothing came to her.
He smiled at her, and said really interesting things between his big teeth.
The Withams threw her off her pivot, and made her feel she was not herself.
He removed his hands from clasping his shin, some distance above the ankle.
Then she folded the pad of her own handkerchief, and laid it over the hurt.
But we are not going to follow our song to its fatal and dreary conclusion.
His boots were black, with grey suède uppers: but a _little_ down at heel.
He sank back with his whiskey and stared blankly, dismally in front of him.
Miss Pinnegar stood for some moments in pure oblivion in the shop entrance.
When she recovered, she felt she was on the brink of hysteria and collapse.
What manager?  She advanced a little nearer, menacing in her black dress.
Do you mean they are more intelligent?  “No, but they’re more modern.
She was neatly dressed in a well-made black dress with a small lace collar.
Alvina could not imagine how she could be a dancer on the stage, strenuous.
He bowed and took the edge of a blanket to his lips, kissing it reverently.
Ciccio tortures the prisoner, makes him stand, makes him caper unwillingly.
“I’m sure I dislike Woodhouse much more than you can, replied Alvina.
Is she not one of us?  He smiled and showed his teeth but did not answer.
It was surprising how little Madame and Alvina found to say to one another.
When Alvina had played _God Save the King_ she went round behind the stage.
I shall do my packing.  Alvina carried down the things she had to remove.
Why does he want to marry you—why?  “I don’t know— said Alvina.
“How do you do? said Miss Pinnegar, a little distant and condescending.
“And what about other names, interrupted Miss Pinnegar, a little lofty.
There is a hundred and twenty pounds of Miss Houghton’s money in the bag.
At the theatre the same: Alvina played for Kishwégin, only for Kishwégin.
Her face was slightly flushed and tender looking, she looked naïve, young.
His face was scarcely visible, it seemed, and yet so strange and beautiful.
Then after a while he hailed Geoffrey, and the two young men sallied forth.
CHAPTER X THE FALL OF MANCHESTER HOUSE   Alvina rose chastened and wistful.
The odd arch of his eyebrows made him suddenly seem not quite human to her.
She came with a dustpan to take some coal from the fire of the living-room.
I heard you’d come, Miss Houghton, so I _hastened_ to pay my compliments.
“I hope not.  “Thank you for the _hope_ said Mr. May sarcastically.
Why separate, hein?—frère?  Geoffrey again clasped Ciccio in his arms.
Try as she might, she felt as if she had had a blow which knocked her down.
It’s not enough to keep me, even supposing I only live another ten years.
Once there had been a weakening, a cringing, they would all have been lost.
The doctor with whom Alvina had most to do was a Dr. Mitchell, a Scotchman.
She could see the hysterical little boy under the great, authoritative man.
But already the middle of September was here, and the baby had not arrived.
In the hall he pricked up his ears as he took the mandoline from the chest.
Because you’re not content to be at the mercy of _Forces_! cried Effie.
She had to be the quiescent, obscure woman: she felt as if she were veiled.
And there it was already, looming up grey and amorphous, patched with snow.
He looked at her, with a faint, unhappy, bitter smile, but he said nothing.
There she was, in a wild centre of an old, unfinished little mountain town.
However, Ciccio drank up, so Alvina did likewise, burning her lips smartly.
She had gone out of the world, over the border, into some place of mystery.
The air was very cold, freezing, the stone floor was dead cold to the feet.
On the other side the filmy, crackly, sere sheaths were also faintly sunny.
A crowd surged at the post-office door, in a steep, black, wet side-street.
The first she opened was from Miss Pinnegar—all war and fear and anxiety.
So your fair-seeming face covered the schemes and vice of your true nature.
An obstinate spirit made him darkly refuse masculine conversation with her.
The more so, as she felt that in matters intellectual he was rather stupid.
It was like having some unnatural, doomed, unbearable presence in the room.
According to him the imitation of nature is the imitation of nature's ways.
The only difference to him is that poetry is in verse and oratory in prose.
Maxims are considered fully by Aristotle as aids to persuasion in rhetoric.
Not only historically, but also in the worst modern sense this is rhetoric.
In this his position is substantially that of Savonarola, Loyola and Vives.
The treatise has been variously ascribed to the first and fourth centuries.
The path is based on the etext number (which is identical to the filename).
Nowhere is this so well illustrated as in the manner of shopping in Turkey.
A loosened rock would start at first slowly, gain momentum, and fairly fly.
All of his bills are paid with checks drawn on his St. Petersburg trustees.
Into these, horsemen, and sometimes whole caravans, mysteriously disappear.
Rye, however, takes three years to reach the height of one year in America.
By a dexterous turn we missed his head, and passed over his extended queue.
There was something so illusive in the scene as to make it very impressive.
Everything in China is sliced so that it can be eaten with the chop-sticks.
The people, too, besieged the palace gates, and clamored for an exhibition.
“From our impoverished appearance, they evidently thought we had nothing.
Marry come up, you speak well for your self; Oh intolerable loving Creature!
Or lose my Fortune, and my Liberty, Whilst all my Vows are given to another?
Yes, if it be your pleasure; Heaven cou’d not let fall a greater Blessing.
Oh, ‘tis a great Mover to Joy, as they say, to have a Woman that’s kept.
As Angels fall’n from the Divine Abode, And now am lighted on a very Hell!
I can allow no time for business now, My Injuries are in haste, and so am I.
have I not provided you a Husband whom you are to marry within a day or two.
Sir, be this Evening at the Door, Donna _Clara_ has something to say to you.
I beg your pardon, Sir, if it be so, poor Mortals can but grieve in silence.
What happy Man cou’d claim a title in thee, And trust thee to such danger?
I see your Cuckold might have a life good enough if he cou’d be contented.
What, the Frolick is to go round, I see, you Women have a happy time on’t.
Most mighty Emperor, a Messenger from _Cadiz_ has Letters for your Highness.
Ay, Madam, his very Coach at last was turned into a Jewel for your Ladyship.
Very well, very well, now the Posset; and then--ods bobs, and then--  _Dia_.
Not young nor handsom, for then Vanity had made her glory to have been seen.
Why, know you then who did it?--Oh, how I’d be reveng’d upon the Rascal!
Oh, a very thriving Calling, Sir,--and I have a young Wife to practise with.
‘Twas most unmanly, Sir, and they deserve it--I wonder that they come not.
D’ye think my Devil of so little Quality, to suffer an Affront unrevenged?
But, Sir, I will for once allow your Friend the Captain to keep you company.
Can any see that glorious Sight and say_      [Woman pointing to the ladies.
I know thy Soul is generous enough, To think a glorious Act rewards it self.
You’ve too much wit to take ought ill from him: Let’s know your quarrel.
By _Jove_, if she be your Cousin, Madam, I love her much the better for’t.
And ‘tis an act below my Quality, Which, Madam, will not suffer me to fly.
And then methought I was so, But yet even then I fear’d she did dissemble.
Not for the world, _Pisaro_--          [_Hides his face with his hand_, Pis.
Look up, _Labree_, if thou hast any of that Courage thou spakest of but now.
Faustus_ (4to 1697), but produced a decade earlier, probably November, 1685.
You have your Lessons, stand to it bravely, and the Town’s our own, Madam.
To my Knowledge, Sir; for what a Man of Honour relates, I may safely affirm.
I will chastise thy vulgar Ignorance, that yclepes a Philosopher a Conjurer.
It must be so, for how shou’d either of these know I expected that Honour?
1724 reads ‘before we go to him to-morrow.’  p. 229, l. 27 _his Safety_.
Dick obviously does not remain on the stage as his entrance is marked later.
Generally, to nick (slang), means ‘to arrest’, ‘to waylay and stop’.
It must be allowed that Mrs. Behn bears away the palm in this witty passage.
The two 4tos, 1687 and 1688, and the 1711 edition all read ’.arpsicals’.
Silas Tripp was weighing out some sugar for a customer when Chester entered.
Mrs. Rand was as much amazed as Chester himself at his success as an artist.
I worked for him once.  “How did you like it?  “It almost killed me.
“Was this handkerchief found in the store? asked Mrs. Rand, in surprise.
Indeed, I am proud of you now.  “I can hardly realize it myself, mother.
“I—I am looking at this sketch, answered Chester, in slight confusion.
“I don’t know him very well, but I believe he does a very good business.
In ten minutes a heavy step was heard on the stairs, and James Long entered.
What of him?  “It is our bookkeeper, David Mullins.  “Is it, indeed?
He felt that Mr. Fairchild ought to know it, but he shrank from telling him.
This, to be sure, took all his salary, but he was earning something outside.
He did not wish needlessly to prejudice his employer against the bookkeeper.
“Hello, Mullins, old boy! said Dick, pushing forward with extended hand.
This, so far as he knew, was the first visit made by Ralston to Mr. Mullins.
“The Fifth Avenue sets a good table.  “My appetite is sure to be good.
“No, I think not.  “Won’t you introduce me to your friend?  “Mr.
Now he is disposed of.  “I see you are shrewd, said Chester, laughing.
“Yes, I’m a little foxy when there’s occasion, rejoined Mr. Perkins.
He was the owner of a large building, of which Mr. Fairchild acted as agent.
“I can’t say, but it wouldn’t have been policy to make you acquainted.
Another chance gone, Mullins.  The bookkeeper looked warningly at Ralston.
“I see you are practical and understand what we want, Mr. Rand, he said.
“I took nothing of value, continued Ralston, “and you can’t hold me.
I may be able to     earn something by sewing, but it will be only a little.
“My boy, he said, “I shall not soon forget your kindness to my father.
Women folks is mighty onsartin when they make promises.  Mrs. Rand smiled.
He could sell these at a handsome profit, but will hold them a while longer.
The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification number is 64–6221541.
Between the grip and the homely idiom no boy could endure without squealing.
Men flocked in—even women, buying their husbands a sixpence-halfpenny tie.
Miss Frost’s voice was clear and straight as a bell-note, open as the day.
Sufficient that the girl herself worshipped Miss Frost: or believed she did.
It is truly incredible how Alvina became blooming and bouncing at this time.
She was always ready with her hard, nurse’s laugh and her nurse’s quips.
In her calm periods she lay stupid and indifferent—or she cursed a little.
Human functions were too obviously established to make any great fuss about.
The battle-spirit was really roused in him, and he heartily liked the woman.
He also played with her—being a doctor, and she a nurse who encouraged it.
And that was rather irritating to the well-to-do and florid daughter of W.H.
Whatever the fate of the mother, the fate of the daughter will be otherwise.
She began to hate outspokenness and direct speaking-forth of the whole mind.
Their walk was heavy-footed and slurring, their bearing stiff and grotesque.
The miners, the iron-workers, those who fashion the stuff of the underworld.
He was a little insolent and condescending to the natives, who disliked him.
She knew that her darling carried away a portion of her own soul into death.
Alvina seemed to keep strangely calm and aloof all the days after the death.
Dark, empty-feeling, it seemed all the time like a house just before a sale.
But it needs a certain natural gift to become a loose woman or a prostitute.
In midsummer Albert Witham came to Woodhouse, and Alvina was invited to tea.
When will you have your first lesson?  “Oh, cried Alvina in confusion.
I think I’m self-conscious, but I don’t think I have so many misgivings.
“What’s the matter is that he feels guilty for not knowing his own mind.
And there, through the uncurtained window, she saw him sitting awaiting her.
It’s all done, but fixing.  “Hadn’t you better leave it, she said.
When she lay in bed, she stared at the light of the street-lamp on the wall.
More even than she rebelled against the Withams did she rebel against a job.
“’Tisn’t fair time, is it?  “No, it’s no fair, said the woman.
He missed his eleven o’clock whiskey terribly—terribly—his pick-me-up!
“Hadn’t we better make it monthly?  The two men looked at one another.
The two men were having a few more excited words, their voices just audible.
In Spooney-ooney Island Why surely there ought to be—   Poor Miss Frost!
She stuck to her black blouse and black shirt, and her simple hair-dressing.
When rather drunk, he talked charmingly and amusingly—oh, most charmingly.
Max went over and shook Geoffrey, Louis put his hand on Ciccio’s shoulder.
Come to me.  Alvina went slowly to Madame, and took the outstretched hand.
Ciccio made no pretence of listening, but smoked and stared at his own feet.
Mr. Houghton nodded slowly and gravely, as if to give his measured approval.
It’s interesting in a way, just to show what savage Red-Indians were like.
Geoffrey hurriedly lit his lamp and swung off in the dark back to Woodhouse.
And then they tramped the dreary, hideous streets of the manufacturing town.
Hectored by women all my life—hectored by women—first one, then another.
Aren’t you coming down to speak to your cousin?  “Soon, said Alvina.
Even I, I don’t know him—no, though he has been with me for three years.
“Shall we go down?  Alvina did not go into the drawing-room with Madame.
In chapel she cried, thinking of her mother, and Miss Frost, and her father.
Yet the sense of the unknown beauty of him weighed her down like some force.
And Mr. May strutted out of the room like a bird bursting with its own rage.
“I shall see you soon, he said, smiling sheepishly and bowing to Alvina.
A change does you good.  “It does, doesn’t it, said Alvina brightly.
Shall I give it back, hein?  “I gave it to you, said Alvina, offended.
He smiled and smirked and became oddly self-conscious: rather uncomfortable.
Doesn’t it disturb you? came the man’s voice from the moonlight below.
“Do you think I might?  “I don’t know, said Alvina, non-committal.
He smiled, a fine, subtle smile, like a demon’s, but inexpressibly gentle.
And he was reaching forward to her as a snake reaches, nor could she recoil.
The women and children kissed Alvina, saying:  “You’ll be all right, eh?
Men looked at her, officials stared at her, soldiers made remarks about her.
It screamed all the night—all the way from Paris to Chambéry it screamed.
The vast world was in one of its convulsions, and she was moving amongst it.
Pancrazio took the lantern and went to examine the load, hitching the ropes.
A great flat loaf fell out, and rolled away, and smack came a little valise.
Alvina ventured down the steep descent, Pancrazio following showing a light.
“I am so hungry.  “You had better keep your coat on, said Pancrazio.
The gods who had demanded human sacrifice were quite right, immutably right.
Pancrazio, Ciccio, Giovanni, Maria and a mason all set about the fire-place.
“But I should have thought that would make them less generous, she said.
River-banks that have been enclosed in our reign shall be treated similarly.
To no one will we sell, to no one will we refuse or delay, right or justice.
To no one will we sell, to no one will we refuse or delay, right or justice.
No person in the play should be made to do or say anything out of character.
The political life of western Europe centered in the camp, not in the forum.
Quintilian, like Aristotle, believes in the persuasive efficacy of examples.
The teaching is the appeal to the intellect of the hearer by means of proof.
It is impossible, however, for a person ignorant of logic to be a true poet.
Philosophy, oratory, and poetry have thus one end--and only one--persuasion.
Raisins here, as well as in many other parts of the country, are very cheap.
From the numerous flocks around it, we took it to be a shepherds’ village.
Those of the rural districts, however, are not so shy as their city cousins.
But this was no proof against a surprise in the case of the noiseless wheel.
Little Ararat is the meeting-point, or corner-stone, of three great empires.
They both strongly recommended the northwestern slope as being more gradual.
As we emerged into the streets an Armenian professor gravely shook his head.
It required our united efforts to lift them out, and half carry them across.
Here the thermometer registered 39° Fahrenheit, and was constantly falling.
The camp was reached at 4 P. M., just twelve hours from the time we left it.
Gathering up the remaining baggage, we hurried away to continue the descent.
By the gradually rising ground, and the rocks, we knew we were off the road.
Here the only physician was an old blind woman of the faith-cure persuasion.
Here, most of the caravans would put up during the day, and travel at night.
For some miles we pushed along on the bare axle inverted in the pedal-crank.
A round table is the only one that can be used in an aristocratic household.
“Will you telegraph to your parents from Shanghai your safe arrival there?
Upon him rests the decision in nearly all the great questions of the empire.
There is no record of its performance, and the actors’ names are not given.
Wou’dst thou praise Heaven for thy Being, Without that grateful part of it?
I could not get from _Friendlove_--Thou hast not told _Celinda_ of my coming?
I will do any thing to save that Life, To which my own so nearly is ally’d.
‘Shaw, Sir, ‘tis nothing, a Man wou’d do’t for Exercise in a Morning.
Ay, marry, Sir, that were a Match indeed, she being your Uncle’s only Heir.
By Fortune, the Rogue’s looking for me; he has a Challenge in his hand too.
Then ‘twas not by Merit, Sir--But how shall I know you are either of these?
I believe this is the Bed-chamber Window where the Bride and Bridegroom lies.
--Sir, shall I send for a Scrivener to draw the Settlement you promis’d me?
Ay, _Sharp_, we are bound to labour in our Callings, but mum-- here he comes.
the blessed Youth, to whom She has given her Vows?--Live, and enjoy, _Diana_!
Let us no longer doubt, the Pow’rs above Will be propitious to united Love.
I’ll trust my Life, my Honour and my Mistress in so good hands at any time.
But possibly his mind may alter upon the Arrival of this False Count of ours?
And is it pure and tender Love for my Person, And not for my glorious Titles?
Since you’ve lost your Honour with your wits, I’ll try what mine will do.
Ay, Sir, that is to make me an absolute Viscountess--we cannot stay--farewel.
Dear Brother,    _According to your desire I have sent for my Son from   _St.
Omer’s_ Spark, that I may present my self as soon as they come from Church.
He, Madam, whom I waked--and seeing me, Heavens, what Confusion seiz’d him!
Racking me up to a starving Want and Misery, Then took advantages to ruin me.
Noble Mr. _Wasteall_--                      [_Salutes him, so does_ Bearjest.
Sir, I have many Reasons to believe, It is my Fortune you pursue, not Person.
How, the Ghostly--hush--have a care--for ‘twas the Ghost of _Bellmour_--Oh!
Justice, Sir, Justice--I have been cheated--abused--assassinated and ravisht!
In _The Forced Marriage_ she seems to have remembered _The Maid’s Tragedy_.
Prince, _Aminta_, Sister to _Pisaro_, in love with _Alcander_, Mrs. _Wright_.
Then thou art happy; but if _Erminia_ fail, I shall not live to reproach her.
--Sir, lay the Interest of a Father by, And give me leave this Lover to deny.
Where got you courage to admit his Love, Before the King or I did it approve?
Am I the mask to hide your Blushes in, I the contented Fool to veil your Sin?
Your Sister is a Saint whom I adore; But I refuse a Life that comes from you.
Isillia’s_ Beauty can supply that want; _Falatius_, what d’ye say to’t?
Ay, Sir, what Virtues or what Merits can accomplish me for that great Honour?
_Enter_ Bellemante, _with a Candle in one Hand,     and a Book in the other_.
Charmante _peeps out--and by degrees comes all out,     listning every step_.
Ay, Sir, did you not go out of Town last night, to your Brother the Advocate?
Methought I entertain’d a Demi-God, one of the gay Inhabitants of the Moon.
--How this agrees with what the learned Cabalist inform’d me of last Night!
Or hast thou from _Snow Hill_     The assistance of some ballad-making quill?
“I must tell mother and see what she thinks about it, he said to himself.
“I’d rather work anywhere else for two dollars, said Chester, bitterly.
What is your address?  “Number one ninety-nine West Thirty-fourth Street.
“You have a hard cough, Mr. Bruce, said Mrs. Rand, in a tone of sympathy.
We are not doing very well, as you may imagine.  “So I surmised, ma’am.
“Well, say five dollars a month.  “About sixteen or seventeen per cent.
“How much will you give me if I board at home, Mr. Dexter? asked Chester.
But I didn’t take it.  “Go for the constable, Abel, and mind you hurry.
Did you really design it?  “Yes, sir.  “I suppose you got pay for it.
Why, I am forty-five, and I haven’t a particle of talent in that direction.
There is one comfort, and that is that you are not wholly dependent upon him.
“Who is he?  “He is going to work here, returned Mr. Conrad, sharply.
“Ernest, said Arthur, in a soothing tone, “I have brought you a friend.
All feeling of repugnance, all thoughts of the boy’s malady were forgotten.
I’d like to know who it is that knows so much about my plans.  “I will.
Probably you would not find me in.  Mr. Perkins was a tolerably shrewd man.
But this is not good work.  “Sir!  “My dear sir, don’t be offended.
“I shall be glad to be your guide if you wish to see something of New York.
Perhaps, said Mullins, nervously, “we had better give up the whole thing.
Did the paying teller look suspicious when you presented the check?  “No.
You might have thought me mean.  “Poor fellow! said Chester, pityingly.
“Do you want me to take you with me, mother? asked Chester, with a smile.
“I never thought the country was so large before, said Chester to Edward.
“I have just arrived from New York.  The broker regarded him in surprise.
I suspect you are better fitted for business than most young men of your age.
“Didn’t my friend Floyd see him drowned?  “He may have been mistaken.
“Whom have you selected for that office?  “Will you serve? she asked.
I made a mistake in marrying Mr. Trimble, but it is too late to correct that.
“Any news, Mrs. Greene? he asked, as he handed her the package of butter.
The two would stay together in the parlour, laughing and talking by the hour.
Miss Frost gave a slight gesture with her right hand, of helpless impatience.
She had never thought of being a nurse—the idea had never entered her head.
How many infernos deeper than Miss Frost could ever know, did she not travel?
They cocked their eyes at her, when she was not looking, and wondered at her.
She would not intrigue into marriage, or try and make use of them in any way.
Useless to talk of the distracted anguish of Alvina during the next two days.
“Father’s sure it won’t pay—and it will cost I don’t know how much.
Arthur Witham, the plumber, came in with James Houghton to examine the house.
“Make it as dear as you can, for father, said Alvina, laughing nervously.
But, we must repeat, it was as if the glass wall of an aquarium divided them.
Come down to the Coach Road tomorrow afternoon, and let me give you a lesson.
You agree to a number of rules and conventions and laws, for social purposes.
“I’m very much obliged.  “You ought to be more than that, she said.
I have no doubt a little _later_—if we need it—I can find a few hundreds.
And wages in particular—  “But surely Miss Houghton will have her wage.
We don’t get on at _all_ well, she and I.  “What a pity, said Alvina.
All it gave _me_ was gas in the stomach.  “So overbearing! said Alvina.
He was up at half-past five in the morning, and by seven was well on his way.
In spite of herself, in spite of outraged shame and decency, she was excited.
But that’s where you’re different from them.  “But _am_ I?  “Yes.
Spring went on to summer, and then there was a very shadowy margin of profit.
It was so different from Woodhouse, where everything was priced and ticketed.
“We are drawn from three races, though only Ciccio is not of our mountains.
Why is it horrible?  Alvina quickly undressed the plump, trim little woman.
“You know I think it’s quite wonderful, your scene, she said to Ciccio.
“Not without Madame, he said, with the slow, half-sneering, stupid smile.
You can get to know everything about people’s actual lives from the cinema.
There!  “And they don’t want to appreciate and to feel? said Mr. May.
Madame would not come near the theatre when she herself was not to be acting.
All were in ordinary dress, but without coats, acting in their shirt-sleeves.
In Knarborough, I don’t know.  “How much money had he? asked Mr. May.
But he would do it.  “And what point would he make for?  “What point?
But they will remember.  Geoffrey rode swiftly as possible through the mud.
He looked up at her steadily, on his guard, from under his long black lashes.
She wondered why he wore the nail of his little finger so long, so very long.
“Oh well then, in that case— But he was filled with dismay and chagrin.
Yes?—Yes? he said, in a voice that seemed like a palpable contact on her.
“I should like that.  “Yes, it is nice—but you don’t know the life.
Why, when he was at Oxford, you know, learning for his head master’s place.
Next day she dashed back almost to Woodhouse, and swerved round to Sheffield.
“That he should tell me if he should like to marry you also—quite simply.
Shall she be our pianist?  The eyes of the four young men rested on Alvina.
“And the diamonds are real? said Madame, making Alvina hold up her hands.
With a strange determined flourish he filled his glass, cocking up his elbow.
It was utterly dark, and she knew he smiled, and she began to get hysterical.
The young men were at table, talking as young men do, not very interestingly.
Really, she had come down in the world, conforming to such standards of life.
Alvina was startled by the deep, mysterious look in his dark-fringed ox-eyes.
“Na, Allaye, he said, “tell me something.  “What? laughed Alvina.
“I wish you would.  “Good, he said, a broad smile on his thick mouth.
Only his little modern education made money and independence an _idée fixe_.
And I’m _sure_ Miss Houghton would rather be unlucky in cards than in love.
“_I_ know you’ll come out all right in love, _I_ know, he said heavily.
Two minutes afterwards they were startled by the irruption of the work-girls.
“Have we any money in hand?  “There is about twenty pounds in the bank.
“But what have our personal morals got to do with them? said Max angrily.
Shall you come back to us, then?  “I will if you like—  “If I like!
A young gardener was working—and a convalescent slowly trailed a few paces.
He was leaning forward to her, smiling, self-conscious, tentative, and eager.
“Matron! said Dr. Mitchell, with a return of his old mouthing importance.
“And are you going to marry him? asked Mrs. Tuke, with a long, cool look.
She felt herself like one of the old sacred prostitutes: a sacred prostitute.
“I’ve waited for you since five o’clock, and I’ve got to go back now.
His eye lit up again, he pulled himself together for the entrance into Italy.
She saw a tram-car, far out from everywhere, running up to cross the railway.
Pancrazio broke into a flood of dialect to Giovanni, handing him the lantern.
She seemed to glow with a delicate light for him, there beyond all the women.
When Pancrazio was carrying up stone or lime on the ass, she accompanied him.
And yet their red-purple silkiness had something pre-world about it, at last.
The golden rethoryke is good refeccion   And to the reader ryght consolation.
Herodotus in verse would remain a historian; but no prose work can be poetry.
The characteristic structure and movement of poetry is not considered at all.
The last kind of proof is derived from logic; the first two, from psychology.
Both, he says with Aristotle, have an affinity in this wordish consideration.
English rimes receive half of this space, and classical meters the remainder.
Invention comprises illustration on the one hand and ... fables on the other.
For often under a fayre fayned fable   A trouthe appereth gretely profitable.
The poets feign these fables, of course, to lead the readers out of mischief.
For these the object-lesson of renaissance failure should serve as a warning.
On nearing Angora itself, we raced at high speed over the undulating plateau.
This, of course, is very hard on the poor man who has to work during the day.
Under the shadow of these gloomy walls was enacted a tragedy of this century.
Thus far we had been journeying through Russian territory without a passport.
The men never walk; if there is any leading to be done it falls to the women.
For several days we were objects of excited interest to the mixed population.
The Chinese peasant offsets the rudeness of his implements with manual skill.
Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/pglaf.
The Gods cou’d ne’er decree So bright a Maid shou’d be possest by thee_.
Instead of cooling this augments my Fire; No Pain is like defeated new Desire.
Were I so brutal, cou’d thy Love comply To serve it self with base Adultery?
Oh, how she burns, but ‘tis too late,   For in his Eyes she reads her Fate_.
Oh, how numerous are her Charms --How shall I pay this generous Condescension?
But e’er you go, I must inform you why I do pursue him with my just Revenge.
forgive me all my shameful Passion, And charge my Fault upon your Beauty only.
What have I to do with the Governor, or what have you to do with the Governor?
What, in Tears, _Isabella?_ what is’t can force that tribute from your Eyes?
As I desir’d, or Honour wou’d permit her; Nor wou’d I press her farther.
Do’t, but, my Lord, and with what face can I put off Signior _Antonio_, hum.
I defy thee, thou foul filthy Cabbage-head, for I am mad, and will be valiant.
if_ Damon’s, _all my hopes are crost:   Or, that of my_ Alexis, _I am lost_.
Well, Sir, since you will force it on him, my Cashier shall draw the Writings.
By Heaven, I’ll seize her even at the Altar, And bear her thence in Triumph.
And do the thing we need not name,    We Mortals by his influence do the same.
I desire not to be favour’d as a Kinsman, Sir, but as your humblest Servant.
remember I was poor and helpless, And much reduc’d, and much impos’d upon.
You are so gay, you save me, Sir, the labour of asking if your Uncle be alive.
Faith, Sir, this was very cruel, to take away his Fame, and then his Mistress.
He’s much disturb’d in’s mind --Well, Sir, let us be brief--  Sir _Cau_.
thou’rt an Ass, _Francis_--but no more--come, come, let’s to bed--  _Let_.
I have--of late--been tempted-- With Presents, Jewels, and large Sums of Gold.
An Advocate for Love I am, And bring you such a Message from a Heart--  _Bea_.
Well, I have brought my Mistress, hast thou got a Parson ready, and a License?
here’s Mr. _Gayman_ come on purpose to shew you the Devil, as you desir’d.
As decently as a Cuckold can be made, Sir.--But no more disputes, I pray, Sir.
’.is true, none else will think it worth their while: But thus you’re hid!
The highest Love no Reason will admit, And Passion is above my Friendship yet.
To satisfy a little modest scruple; I beg you would permit me, Sir--  _Alcip_.
The sin of what I have propos’d to you You only seem to hate: Sir, is it so?
_Enter_ Philander _and_ Alcander _in their Clokes     muffled as in the dark_.
Did not my glorious Father, great _Gonzal_, Marry the Daughter of his Admiral?
--To all I said he lent a willing ear, And my reproaches too at last did hear.
Here, _Galatea_, punish my misfortune, For yet I want the will to injure thee.
Methinks, I see a kind of glorious Cloud drawn up--and now, ‘tis gone again.
I am in a _Belle_ Humor for Poetry to-night; I’ll make some Boremes on Love.
_throws down his, and falls a dancing; after the Dance, they     shake hands_.
Go in and pray to the chaste Powers above To give you Virtue for such Rewards.
Excuse me, Seignior--                       [_Puts off his Hat again gravely_.
The locale is unmarked in all former editions,  p. 57, l. 15 _the longed for_.
II, note (p. 346, _The hour of the Berjere_), p. 441 _The Feigned Courtezans_.
It is a curious conglomeration, and the result is very pitiful and disastrous.
“Who told you I was?  “Everybody says so.  “Then everybody is wrong.
It pained him to see another boy in his place, and he turned away with a sigh.
Did you ever take lessons?  “No; there was no one in Wyncombe to teach me.
Chester and his mother and a few friends attended the funeral of Walter Bruce.
“I don’t lay no claim to it.  “Thank you, returned Chester, gravely.
“I didn’t do it, Mr. Tripp, honest I didn’t, declared Abel, earnestly.
“I’ve done nothing to be ashamed of.  “Oh, you hardened young villain.
All at once he gave a start, his face flushed, his heart beat with excitement.
How old are you?  “I am almost sixteen.  “That is young for an artist.
That’s if you have no engagement for that evening, he added, with a smile.
I think he took a prejudice against you on account of your smoking cigarettes.
When they were fairly in the street, Felix produced his package of cigarettes.
“That Mullins is evidently a rascal, and a very mean one, said Mr. Conrad.
“You can speak to Mr. Mullins, said the broker, going on with his writing.
Did you give him a receipt, Mr. Mullins?  “If I had, he could show it now.
It will give me a chance to plot against him—through you.     CHAPTER XVI.
The chain goes with it, of course.  Chester felt delighted with his present.
Chester opened the paper eagerly, for _Puck_ had accepted two of his sketches.
Have you ever been out West?  “No, sir.  “You ought to come out there.
But, Lord, the New York of that day wasn’t a circumstance to what it is now.
Take it, get a meal and a night’s lodging and in the morning start for home.
You are discharged—do you understand?  “Yes, answered Chester, slowly.
How do you like it?  “Pretty well, but I think I ought to get more salary.
“It strikes me the kid has come to no harm from being discharged, he said.
Mr. Fairchild has telegraphed that he will be at home sometime during the day.
Have you had supper, Felix?  “No.  “Then come and take supper with me.
I will keep watch, and if I see or hear of anything alarming I will write you.
“If you need a little money, call on me, added the warm-hearted Westerner.
The old man searched for his, and an expression of dismay overspread his face.
I have a son there.  “I am afraid you will have to pay the fare from here.
But here is Mr. Taylor’s office.  The broker entered, followed by Chester.
Trimble ushered his visitor into the sitting room and went up to see his wife.
The general manager lives in the shrubberied seclusion of the so-called Manor.
They brought the first signs of wear and tear into the face of James Houghton.
She would watch the girl’s strange face, that could take on a gargoyle look.
“We are only friends.  He knew her upbringing was too strong for him also.
You will have to choose for the best.  Alvina was made stubborn by pressure.
Surely enough books have been written about heroines in similar circumstances.
There is no need to go into the details of Alvina’s six months in Islington.
The difficulty lay in being sufficiently rough and hard: that was the trouble.
For she did not at all forbid them to “behave like that. Not in the least.
No, you dunna get th’ puddin’ stones i’ this pit—s’ not deep enough.
When she found Miss Allsop at the back door, all her inherent hostility awoke.
You’ll be left stranded in the world without a penny to bless yourself with.
He was pleased with himself on her account: inordinately pleased with himself.
But save for bare outlines, which he gave readily enough, he was rather close.
“Then don’t expect anybody to pay for your mistakes, said Miss Pinnegar.
Right at the end, like a frail drummer boy, a thin stick of threepenny pieces.
Max opened the sitting-room door and stood watching at the sound of footsteps.
Mrs. Rollings asked Geoffrey to fill the coal-scuttles and carry one upstairs.
With an odd graceful slouch he went into the passage and reached for his coat.
Max knows what you must do.  And she shooed the five men out of the bedroom.
The bear dropped heavily on four paws again, and a laugh came from its muzzle.
“I never thought of that.  He was pleased with her surprise and amusement.
“This is mine, he said, with his hand on the neck of the old thoroughbred.
The young men might not approach her save in the presence of some third party.
She had heard some one come in at the back, and go upstairs, and go out again.
“Come for a bit, and we’ll clear together.  Ciccio again shook his head.
The eyes were set in so dark, that one expected them to be black and flashing.
There was something mindless but _intent_ about the forward reach of his head.
“We shall have to get a cab.  “Give him a little brandy, said Mr. May.
He would find some one else for the piano, some one else to issue the tickets.
The first thing she saw was Louis, in his shirt sleeves, on the landing above.
So he took her in both arms, powerful, mysterious, horrible in the pitch dark.
Look, it is a gift-day for you—  Madame smilingly led Alvina to her place.
I have been out and done my shopping, and already begun to prepare the dinner.
But Ciccio, with an obstinate and ugly little smile on his face, followed her.
“At four o’clock.  “Just about the time when we get there, she said.
“If Miss Houghton would just _allow_ me to run round and bring something in.
“I’m only sorry to think Miss Houghton has _lost_ so steadily all evening.
“Now!  His yellow-tawny eyes looked down into hers, alien and overbearing.
She felt her native place insulted her: and she felt the Natchas insulted her.
She found Ciccio waiting at the end of the yard: eternally waiting, it seemed.
Then I’ve the bag I shall travel with.  “Really! gasped Miss Pinnegar.
Madame was a little irritable, and very exacting, and inclined to be spiteful.
Wherever she was, Madame bought the food for the party, and cooked it herself.
“I’m sorry! he continued loudly, in his strange frenzy like a small boy.
She would have liked to squirt water down his brown, handsome, oblivious neck.
They talked as they would never talk before men, or before feminine outsiders.
And we’re dying to be serenaded, aren’t we, nurse? She turned to Alvina.
Come with me, he still reiterated, in a voice hoarse with pain and yearning.
“In a travelling music-hall troupe.  “In a travelling music-hall troupe!
She seemed steeped in the passional influence of the man, as in some narcotic.
It was foggy, the river was a sea of yellow beneath the ponderous iron bridge.
And after weary hours the train set off through snow-patched country to Paris.
Buono?  And she, who knew this word, understood, and replied:  “Yes, good!
Giuseppe was his son: Giuseppe of Battersea, in whose house Alvina had stayed.
Pancrazio slept in the unfurnished bedroom opposite, on a pile of old clothes.
Pancrazio would be gallantly heating milk for her, at the end of a long stick.
It was a strange, high, rapid, yelling music, the very voice of the mountains.
But oh, the magic, the nostalgia of the untamed, heathen past which it evoked.
“And how long are they staying?  This was an invariable, envious question.
It is a crucifixion, with a man on a cross, and— He described the picture.
Those were perhaps the worst days of all: the days of the impending departure.
Having secured the redress, they may then resume their normal obedience to us.
Anyone, I think, will see that there is more embroidery than terror in it all.
Words should be chosen which are in good use, clear, elegant, and appropriate.
But the glory of style to the classical rhetorician lay in its use of figures.
In both these writers, poetry is treated in the categories of the middle ages.
Fiction remains for him the essence of poetry, for fiction in prose is poetry.
For boys a school teacher is provided; but we, the poets, are teachers of men.
His mature attitude is well illustrated in contrast with that of Aristophanes.
Thence we voyaged to San Francisco, where we arrived on Christmas night, 1892.
The alarm was given, and the people swarmed like so many rats from a corn-bin.
We had no blankets, and not enough clothing to warrant a camp among the rocks.
The wife of a missionary is to them an object both of wonderment and contempt.
The rich pasturage of Ararat’s middle zone attracts pastoral Kurdish tribes.
The zaptiehs dashed ahead with the mutessarif’s letter to the Kurdish chief.
Some of the women were engaged in milking the sheep and goats in an inclosure.
Such peaceful scenes, we thought, could never be the haunt of warlike robbers.
We were now on the chasm’s brink, looking down into its unfathomable depths.
These have been worn in many places to a depth of four feet in the solid rock.
The horsemen started with a rush, and at the end of the first mile were ahead.
The restaurant or tea-house in China takes the place of the Western club-room.
By these people even the distant valley of the Ili is being largely populated.
Ngan-si-chou was almost completely destroyed during the late Dungan rebellion.
He replied that we must not thank him at all; that he was only doing his duty.
Here he shook us heartily by the hand, and bowed us out in the Chinese manner.
Is’t possible you shou’d not, and meet me so near your Sister’s Lodgings?
Oh, Ned, I’m glad thou’rt come--never was _Tom Dove_ baited as I have been.
Nay, then dispose of your self, I say, and leave dissembling; ’.is high time.
Sham, _and_ Sharp _draw, and run into several     Corners, with signs of Fear_.
Come, unmask, I say: a willing Wench would have shew’d all in half this time.
_Enter_ Guiliom _drest fine, two great_ Pages     _and a little one following_.
And so will I, for I’m resolv’d none should ravish me but the great _Turk_.
Nay, dear _Jacinta_, cast an eye of pity on me.--What, deny the _Vizier Bassa_?
Your Wife is chaste--she overcame my unruly Passion with her Prayers and Tears.
A pox of your troublesom Honour; a man can’t be overjoy’d in quiet for’t.
The scene in the fourth Act to which exception was taken seems to have been No.
Farthest--why, that’s the End of the World--and sure a Man can go no farther.
And doubly blest be all the Powers of Love, That give me this dear Opportunity.
This was a lucky hit--and if it scape me, let me be hang’d by a Trick indeed.
Ay, ay, ‘tis so, he cannot be content to cuckold, but he must tell me so too.
Then he keeps a private Press, and prints your _Amsterdam_ and _Leyden_ Libels.
Ay, if you were me--you might do what you pleas’d; but I’m of another mind.
Which you have had such care of, Sir, already-- Rise, ‘tis in vain you kneel.
Your pardon, Sir; I never had a thought That could be guilty of so great a Sin.
Nay, Madam, do not think of dying yet: There is a way, if we could think of it.
You must my Wounds and my Misfortunes bear Before you can become my Counsellor.
Madam, it is unkind, though but to fear Ought but _Philander_ can inhabit here.
I borrow’d Courage from my Innocence, And my own Virtue, Sir, was my defence.
It was somewhat strange, Sir; But yet perhaps he knew not that you lov’d her.
Not to believe thee, were a sin above The Injuries I have done thee by my Love.
Madam, you strangely do improve my pain, To give me hopes you must recal again.
That, _Alcippus_, you’ll not wonder at, When you shall know you are my Rival.
Alcippus_, Madam, merits not your Love, That could so cruel to _Erminia_ prove.
Say, fair _Aminta_, shall I never find You’ll cease this Rigour, and be kind?
Forbear then, Sir; for now his Love-Fit’s on, and then he wou’d be private.
If he be a Man of Honour, Cousin, when a Maid protests her Innocence--  _Bell_.
he pretends to be no less than an Ambassador from the Emperor of the Moon, Sir.
Methought I saw the Figure of two Men descend from yonder Cloud on yonder Hill.
I cannot, Sir, behold his Mightiness--the Splendor of his Majesty confounds me.
On the title of the 4to 1687, we have ‘This may be Printed, _April 23_, 1686.
I have supplied this stage direction here and in Bellmour’s following speech.
Not in 4to 1671, but in 4to 1690 and in 1724.  p. 313, l. 35 _Prince his word_.
A rare substantive, although ‘Crack’, whence it is derived, was common, cf.
Craffy is the foolish son of the Podesta in Crowne’s _City Politicks_ (1683).
The fact is, Chester, I feel as if I was payin’ you too much.  “Too much!
So he selected a time when business would be slack in the store, and called in.
I will give it away during my life.  Chester and the doctor looked surprised.
It isn’t mortgaged, I rec’on.  “No, Sir.  “Why don’t you sell it?
“What’s your name?  “Chester Rand.  “Can’t you give me a quarter?
Where is the money you took?  “Spent it for whisky.  “No, you didn’t.
Two days later Chester found another letter from Mr. Conrad at the post office.
When about eight years of age Chester had made the journey, but not since then.
He asked me to inquire if he left his gloves here?  “I haven’t found any.
I can’t help it.  “I think he gives the right explanation, said Arthur.
How many lots do you own?  “Five.  “Take my advice and hold on to them.
Near the entrance, just inside the hotel, Chester heard himself called by name.
“Halt a minute, and let us hear what it is all about, returned Mr. Perkins.
“I congratulate you, Mr. Tripp, on making an unusually profitable investment.
Abel Wood was again in his employ, but he didn’t like him as well as Chester.
He offered me five hundred dollars apiece cash down.  “Don’t you take it!
“No, sir, answered Mr. Perkins; “but if Chester ever wants me to, I will.
How do you propose to pay me the nine hundred and sixty-odd dollars you owe me?
“Yes; what of him?  “It is a gentleman from Portland, a neighbor of ours.
He was of medium height, with dark hair, and had a brisk, Western way with him.
She probably misses you.  “She never writes to me, said Edward, bitterly.
About nine o’clock they adjourned to Delmonico’s and ordered ices and cake.
“We haven’t got anything equal to it in Portland, but we may have sometime.
What kind of property?  “I own five lots there.  “Then you are in luck.
Miss Jane Dolby     has decided to visit a sister in Chicago and remain a year.
Standing at a desk in the rear of the office was a figure that looked familiar.
These sales contributed a good deal to Mrs. Houghton’s nervous heart-disease.
Every morning alike, she felt an invasion of some enemy was breaking in on her.
And so from the first Alvina spoke with a quiet, refined, almost convent voice.
In the street her walk had a delicate, lingering motion, her face looked still.
In the same manner she would look into the faces of the young men of Woodhouse.
Miss Frost was worn and rather heavy: her old buoyancy and brightness was gone.
She wanted tacit admission of difference, not open, wholehearted communication.
And it took her father’s sort—as well as her mother’s and Miss Frost’s.
But water dripped dismally in places, and there was a stale feeling in the air.
She was so swift and sensitive in her nursing, she seemed to have second sight.
Alvina kissed her, and could not suppress the whimpering of her too-much grief.
Alvina inherited the few simple trinkets, and about forty-five pounds in money.
At one time he showed the alarming symptom of brooding over his wife’s death.
If you haven’t got the qualities which attract loose men, what are you to do?
“Good-evening! she said, just a trifle condescendingly, as she shook hands.
Yet it was hard to believe that it mattered to him—or that anything mattered.
His love for conversation had degenerated into a spasmodic passion for chatter.
The cold and supercilious look of anger, a little spiteful, came into his face.
The most vulgar, sordid and humiliating of all forms of slavery: so mechanical.
But how am I to _live_?  James’s head still vibrated in a negative fashion.
And for the same wage you could get some unimportant fellow with strong wrists.
_How_ I stood it, I don’t know—  “Now don’t you see her?  “Never!
“What a low opinion you have of human nature!  “Have I? laughed Alvina.
She laughed when she saw his thrilling announcements in the _Woodhouse Weekly_.
Oh! Madame folded her hands, but her black eyes still darted venom at Ciccio.
“It’s this way. She groped for him in the dark, and met his groping hand.
“You have been good to Kishwégin, and Kishwégin has a heart that remembers.
May I go through?  They heard his quick little step and his quick little tap.
She was struggling into her shoes, she had her hat on, when the others arrived.
I should be awfully glad—but don’t buy— Alvina checked herself in time.
Mother said he was like a showman in a booth.  Miss Pinnegar was taken aback.
It’s all against his better nature.  “Really! said Alvina, in surprise.
And then he gave the faintest gesture with his head, as of summons towards him.
Tonight we shall find a name.  After tea they inquired for a room for Alvina.
Ciccio touched his friend on his broad cheek, and smiled at him with affection.
He wrote, slowly, but with the beautiful Italian hand, the name of his village.
What is your choice, gentlemen?  “Beer, said Ciccio, and Geoffrey nodded.
“Don’t you see that’s insulting.  “_Insulting!_ Well, I don’t know.
“Thou art the tame bear of Allaye.  Geoffrey strained Ciccio to his breast.
Love’s young dream is never so delicious as at the virgin age of fifty-three.
Fancy seeing his red, smiling face just above hers, coming down to embrace her!
She would be so comfortable, she would be so well-off for the rest of her life.
Why do you send a telegram?  Alvina sat down and covered her face, trembling.
“We must get down here—the cart doesn’t go any further, said Pancrazio.
She washed her cup and her enamelled plate, and she tried to clean the kitchen.
Then she saw him making his way quickly back through the crowd, to rejoin them.
As he joined them near the village he hailed them in English:  “Good morning.
I am only here for a trip.  He was a little Italian shop-keeper from Glasgow.
The world beyond could not help, but it still had the power to injure one here.
When she stood above the valley in the strong, tiring light, she glanced round.
Astonishing the ferocity of the sun, when he really took upon himself to blaze.
I don’t understand. He wiped his sleeve across his face, and turned to her.
“You’ll come back to me, she whispered, in an ecstasy of pain and relief.
Common pleas shall not follow our court, but shall be held in some fixed place.
Common pleas shall not follow our court, but shall be held in some fixed place.
To this general rule the literary criticism of the renaissance is no exception.
A poem will please more people if it combines the pleasant with the profitable.
Hawes's five parts have the same names as the five parts of classical rhetoric.
One can use, he says, the same figures or tropes in verse as are used in prose.
Webbe evidently means what he says in identifying poetry and rhetoric in style.
Indeed, during the entire English renaissance there was no professional critic.
Aristophanes criticises Euripides severely as a perverter of Athenian morality.
They did, however, anticipate the fathers in their allegorical interpretations.
I purpose to teach a yong scholer, to go, not to dance: to speake, not to sing.
In _Aristotelis Librum de poetica communes explanationes_ (Venetiis, 1550), pp.
He said a report had gone out that two devils were passing through the country.
Although it was late when we returned to the khan, we found everybody still up.
It was with no little pleasure that we accepted his invitation to a cup of tea.
The bottle of cold tea we buttoned up in our coats to prevent it from freezing.
After the usual religious ceremony, they filed out from the city parade-ground.
In the morning, early, a score of horsemen were ready to escort us on the road.
In his anxiety, however, to do all that was possible he made a serious blunder.
A rather notable incident of this kind occurred on one of the Chinese holidays.
Our conversation with the viceroy’s son extended over ten or fifteen minutes.
Do’st thou not wish to know the Joys that are to be found in a Woman, _Frank_?
I long to know the Cause of _Bellmour’s_ Disorder to Night, and here he comes.
By all the Vows that Heaven ties Hearts together with, I’ll be entirely yours.
Renounce this leud Fool, and I’ll make thee a Fortune suitable to thy Quality.
For Judges therefore I accept you all; By you, Sir_ Timothy _will stand or fall.
but now this _Carlos_, by his Father’s death, being made Governor, d’ye see?
But he charg’d me, Sir, most passionately to present his Service to your Lady.
All that a Man inspir’d with Love cou’d say, all that was soft and charming.
Oh, take not this dear Body from my Arms, For if you do, my Soul will follow it.
ay, to Heaven, I believe, like a wicked Woman as you are, so you were rid of me.
set me to ‘em, I’ll make ‘em smoke, Dogs, to dare attack a man of Quality.
You have a fair Wife, and need not fear good usage, if she knows how to be kind.
No, Sir, as long as any Man in _London_ is so, that has but a handsom Wife, Sir.
I’m beholding to him; then ‘tis not a Pin matter whether I like or not, Sir.
Thy aid a little, _Francis_--oh, oh--thou choakest me, ’.bobs, what dost mean?
Very good, Sir, and very well, Sir--why then what the Devil do I make here, Sir?
Why did you not speak, Sir, all this while?--my Lady weeps with your Unkindness.
Oh, why this needless Visit-- Your Husband’s safe, at least till Evening safe.
why, ‘tis a sum, Sir--a sum--why, what the Devil did I do with a Box and Dice!
So--I have brought an old House upon my Head, Intail’d Cuckoldom upon my self.
But when against a common Foe we arm, Each will assist to guard his own concern.
--Go, reassume your Beauty, dry your Eyes; Remember ‘tis a Father does advise.
Consider but the danger and the crime, And, Sir, remember that his life is mine.
Brave Mistress of your Art, is this the way, My Service and my Passion to repay?
_Well, Friend, thou hast a sure defence of me,   My Love is yet below my Amity_.
Pisaro_,--Oh, that Name has wakened me, A Name till now had never Terror in’t!
Softly, dear Sir, do not express that Joy, Lest you destroy it by your doing so.
You know my Passion and my Humour too, And how I die, though do not tell you so.
Bellemante, Harlequin, Cinthio’s _Man_,                          Mr. _Jevern_.
_She hides the Tablet, he steps     to her, and snatches it from her and reads_.
_I blush’d, and veil’d my wishing Eyes,   And answer’d only with my Sighs.
‘Twas contrary to our League and Covenant; therefore I defy thee as a Traytor.
My dear _Elaria_--                  [_Runs to imbrace her, She starts from him_.
_Enter Page with a Flambeaux, followed by_ Cinthio; _passes over     the Stage_.
--There is a wondrous Mystery in this, A mighty Blessing does attend your Fates.
Are any, Sir, of those admirable Mineral Waters there, so frequent in our World?
I thought so too, but they are disappear’d, and the wing’d Chariot’s fled.
But fatal ‘twas, he so enjoy’d her, Her own ambitious Flame destroy’d her.
It had ‘a curious garden behind, which lieth open to the fields,’--_Strype_.
‘A sort of jacket called a _justacorps_ came into fashion in Paris about 1650.
It was produced with great success at the Theatre Royal and printed quarto 1683.
to have taken her back again--Plutarch, _Cato Min_., 25.  p. 258 _he has a Fly_.
“You’re spry, said Jane Cleveland, when he brought the shovel to the door.
He is a shrewd man, and the offer of employment from him is indeed a compliment.
At this moment the office door opened, and a gentleman of perhaps forty entered.
Well, he’ll live to regret it, and the bookkeeper shook his head vigorously.
“I’d get even with him if I were you, Cousin David.  “Trust me for that!
Do you think you can copy them?  “I have no doubt of it, sir, he answered.
When he saw Ernest sitting in Chester’s lap, he stopped short in astonishment.
“Then I shall come to see two professors.  “Yes, an old one and young one.
Everywhere they are debts of honor.  “I don’t see why, grumbled Mullins.
“I am hungry, said the old man, pitifully, “and I have no money for a bed.
“I have been discharged from my position in the real estate office, he said.
The next day he went to the office of _The Phoenix_ and carried in two sketches.
“That was the case with you before you succeeded me in the real estate office.
“Felix, said his cousin, “you may keep the office while I go out to lunch.
I wonder what he can be doin’ to get such a high salary.     CHAPTER XXVIII.
“You can say that I supervised the illustrations, answered Arthur, demurely.
Do you get fair pay?  “Twenty-five dollars a week.  “You don’t say so.
“Can you throw any light on the events of to-day?  “Yes, sir.  “Go on.
Felix has hardly been my friend, but now that his cousin is away he may improve.
They are more likely to go to Beefsteak John’s.  “I never heard that name.
Well, Chester, I wish you every success.  “I am sure of that, Mr. Fairchild.
If he is ever able I shall be glad to have him return the money he took from me.
Silas Tripp has ceased to expect to secure the services of Chester in his store.
Poor James, like an author on his first night, saw his work fall more than flat.
So the Sunday School paid more attention to James, whose prayers were beautiful.
The miners knew her, and entertained the highest respect and admiration for her.
Growing lads in the pit reduce their garments to shreds with amazing expedition.
This time he was sure: Dame Fortune would rise like Persephone out of the earth.
And she detested bloaters, because of the hairy feel of the spines in her mouth.
And her blue-grey eyes seemed to have become harder and greyer, lighter somehow.
What they noticed, all of them, was the way her brown hair looped over her ears.
Here was the old Alvina come back, rather battered and deteriorated, apparently.
She cared more for her than she did for her own mother—and her mother knew it.
Hence men were afraid of her—of her power, once they had committed themselves.
“Albert will look after it.  “There’s your chance, said Arthur rudely.
Then he looked as suspiciously at the hand which Albert at last extended to him.
“I’m glad we still count for something, in spite of the greater attractions.
He had trailed his way back to England, where he had left his wife and daughter.
His plumbago-grey suit fitted exactly—save that it was perhaps a little tight.
“I should think so, said Mr. May, a little disgusted even at the suggestion.
“He takes possession on the first of October.  “Well—it’s a good idea.
“Let us hope he hasn’t sold your father, that’s all, said Miss Pinnegar.
Everywhere you went, these vermilion and black bars sprang from the wall at you.
But you know from the beginning it is going to end—quite finally—quite soon.
And they only come because they can’t get to the Empire, or up to Hathersedge.
Alvina had quite a serious flirtation with a man who played a flute and piccolo.
The two _braves_ converse in dumb show, Kishwégin swings the cradle and croons.
He seemed to her to be the only passionately good-natured man she had ever seen.
“Eh, you’d think he’d get his death, the women in the crowd were saying.
And the Natcha-Kee-Tawara Troupe was blowing like a rag of old paper into Limbo.
When Madame came downstairs Louis, who was a good satirical mimic, imitated him.
Mr. May returned, and said that Ciccio had ridden off down the Knarborough Road.
Madame effected the reunion of her troupe, and all seemed pretty much as before.
And a flash of delight went over her, that changed into a sob of mortal anguish.
She had unlocked it before she went out, for that entrance was hardly ever used.
Ay, but James sank it all in Throttle-Ha’penny and Klondyke and the Endeavour.
Without her, he would have felt too horribly uncomfortable on that raw hillside.
Some obstinate will in her own self absolutely refused to have her mind made up.
There, in that black town, thank heaven, she saw their announcement on the wall.
You have got the ticket, have you? Alvina handed the luggage ticket to Madame.
As she was busy washing a garment in the bowl, her landlady knocked and entered.
You don’t want to give away such a thing.  “I don’t mind, said Alvina.
“The stair is so dark.  He looked at her, and turned as if to get the light.
Then you will go to Woodhouse tomorrow, and come to Mansfield on Monday morning?
And yet she shrank from the long, inscrutable gaze of his black-set, tawny eyes.
Mrs. Rollings is coming in at four again—  “Oh all right— said Alvina.
You know the Watsons are there.  “I believe you’d be happy, said Alvina.
“See if there is any money.  He watched her steadily, and his brow darkened.
“And at a sufficient salary?  “Quite sufficient, thank you, said Alvina.
All the repulsive secrecy, and all the absolute power of the police authorities.
She read and pondered hard, recalling all her previous experience and knowledge.
Her nurse’s dresses were packed in her trunk at Mrs. Slaney’s, in Woodhouse.
You never told me.  “I thought it would be no use if it all came to nothing.
Wherever he went, there was a scuffle directly his foot was heard on the stairs.
Cucumbers are the worst thing you can eat.  “Oh! said the man, stuttering.
“But you mind being disturbed at your tea, I am sure.  “No, said Alvina.
Max and Louis were Swiss, it would not affect them: nor Ciccio, who was Italian.
She avoided his love-making, by telling him any sort of spooniness revolted her.
Yes do! She stretched out her long white arm to Alvina, with sudden imploring.
But I’ve only got black clothes, except uniforms.  “Well look here now—!
She kept it in her room till I came and took it.  “All right, said Alvina.
The train was now so hot that the iron plate on the floor burnt Alvina’s feet.
Ciccio was handing up the handbags to the roof of one of the big post-omnibuses.
It ended by the rolling up of the burly, black moustached driver of the omnibus.
And Pancrazio lamented in his elegant English that no butter was to be obtained.
Crowds accompanied them to Ossona, whence they were marched towards the railway.
(6) Heirs may be given in marriage, but not to someone of lower social standing.
But we, or our chief justice if we are not in England, are first to be informed.
I am further indebted to Professor La Rue Van Hook, Dr. Mark Van Doren, Dr. S.L.
In the repertory of Lucian occurs a show piece on each side of this proposition.
Poems were to be written according to the formulae of orations; allegory throve.
It is important, however, that the reading poet be not boisterous or unmannered.
Ascham says it is worthy of study, but shows no great familiarity with the text.
Wilson knew and used Cicero, Quintilian, Plutarch, Basil the Great, and Erasmus.
The diction of the writers of lyrics is even worse, he says, than their content.
This explains the allegorical nature of mediaeval poetry and of poetical theory.
To make of nought reason sentencious   Clokynge a trouthe wyth colour tenebrous.
He believed that poetry did amend manners, and correct abuses--if properly used.
Poetry does this by submitting the shewes of things to the desires of the minde.
Suddenly one of the camels disappeared in a ditch, and rolled over with a groan.
This city, only a few months ago, was entirely destroyed by a severe earthquake.
From Auli-eta eastward we had before us about 200 miles of a vast steppe region.
Even the commander of the Kuldja forces was brushed aside by the chasing rabble.
We were holding an animated conversation when the viceroy himself was announced.
There was considerable hesitancy on the part of us both to answer this question.
No, no, that old Mastiff there--the young Whelp came not on, thanks be prais’d.
I wou’d do’t with all my Soul--but your Honour, Sir--  Sir _Tim_.--My Honour!
Why, you pair of Hectors--whence this Impudence?--Do ye know me, ye Raggamuffins?
I will not live; or if my Destiny Compel me to’t, it shall be worse than dying.
Shall he depart with Life to enjoy my Right, And to deprive my Sister of her due?
What do I hear?--is this the kind Relief Thou dost allow to my Despair and Grief?
_Bel_, Above an Hour--hark ye, Knight--I am as leud, and as debaucht as thou art.
by Heav’n, you shall not so escape A Rage that is too just here to give o’er.
first have I not lost the only Man on earth in Don _Carlos_, that I cou’d love?
_Enter Don_ Carlos _in his Night-gown_, Antonio,     _and_ Guzman _with Clothes_.
I will not look so far, but stop at the dear Joys, and fear no Fate beyond ‘em.
Coming to give you the good morrow, Sir; And shew you how well he looks the Part.
I’d rather be ravish’d a thousand times, than you should venture your Person.
What, are you mad to own your Quality, he’ll ask the Devil and all of a ransom.
S’life, he’ll spoil all,--hold--pray let your Betters be serv’d before you.
_Seb_.--Or the _Turks_; for I have yet met with ne’er a Christian thing in’t.
II, after the marriage of Gasper and Antonia, a most trifling and inept business.
We show you one to day intirely new, And of all Jests, none relish like the true.
_But when bright_ Phoebus _does retire,    To_ Thetis’ _Bed to quench his fire.
_Ah_, Cloris, _’.is in vain you scold,     Whilst your Eyes kindle such a Fire.
‘Tis not a Marriage, since my _Bellmour_ lives; The Consummation were Adultery.
Unreasonable _Julia_, is that all, My Love, my Sufferings, and my Vows must hope?
Wou’d you to bed, Sir, when the weighty Affairs of State require your Presence?
No bargaining, my little Hussey--what, you’ll tie my hands behind me, will you?
But, Sir, we are in Sir _Cautious_ his Garden, will he not sue us for a Trespass?
I vanish, Sir--but harkye--you’ll not speak a word, but let her think ‘tis I?
What fondness in my Conduct had he seen, To take so shameful and so base Revenge?
Believe me, Sir, you ever had my Wishes; And shall not fail of my Protection now.
To day one of their Party ventures out, Not with design to conquer, but to scout.
Upon my life no other thing he spoke, But those from dictates of his Honour took.
That care you had, dear Sir, continue still, I cannot live and disobey your will.
He’s out of it by this, I warrant you; But do not tell him that _Pisaro_ lives.
Yes, by _Jove_, as I am: you had been finely serv’d, If I had kill’d you now.
Madam, in this your Bounty is severe, Be pleas’d to spare that repetition here.
’.is only by these signs I can express What my Confusion will not let me utter.
And I might to my Son have been as kind, As then my Father did my Grandsire find.
Alcippus_, ‘tis not kind to doubt me still, Is this a present for a Man I hate?
Our next Recourse was dwindling down to Farce, Then--Zounds, what Stuff’s here?
|_      [The Head rises upon a twisted Post, on a Bench from     under the Stage.
_Twelve Persons, representing the Figures of the twelve Signs of the    Zodiack_.
Oh, why have you wak’d me from the softest Dream that ever Maid was blest with?
here’s a fine Cheat upon the Vice-Roy: Sir, pay me, or I’ll seize your Horse.
I was inform’d there was a Person here had Propositions of Marriage to make me.
No doubt you will--But see the Emperor commands by Signs his Foreigners to dance.
4to 1677 adds ‘The End of the Third Act.’  p. 55, l. 2 _Celinda’s Chamber_.
It is vilely printed and seemingly issued from the press almost without revision.
1724 omitting ‘sees’ makes a poor alteration in the conduct of this business.
Commonly speaking it was taken to mean exactly what it would now, a simple dance.
The ‘Prologue spoken by Mrs. Cook the first day’ is by Mrs. Behn (_vide_ Vol.
Wherefore it came to stand in place of various words of obscene sound or meaning.
“Give me a lift with this basket, Chester, that’s a good fellow, said Abel.
I was out there last year, and having a little money, bought the lots for a song.
how much did he leave?  “Thirty-seven cents.  Mr. Tripp looked discomfited.
“Why, it is worth at least seven hundred.  “You couldn’t get it, ma’am.
Mr. Conrad wrote:      “I have disposed of your two sketches to the same paper.
How would you like to take a boarder?  Chester and his mother looked surprised.
“I hope I shall be able to make your cousin comfortable.  “I am sure of it.
He was not especially drawn to Felix, but felt that it behooved him to be polite.
The bookkeeper might still play a trick upon you?  “I believe you’re right.
“If I were going to defraud anyone, it wouldn’t be a poor mechanic.  “Mr.
I am afraid I may be absent four weeks.  “Don’t hurry back, said Mullins.
He assumed, however, that the bookkeeper wished to see Mr. Perkins at the office.
Remember that you will always have a friend in Paul Perkins.     CHAPTER XXIII.
I am not a young man yet.  “You seem to be getting on as well as a young man.
Will that pay?  “Very handsomely.  “I hope you will show me some of them.
He went at once to the office of Messrs. Gripp & Co., on his arrival in the city.
She is of Scotch descent, and this made her careful about giving up her property.
I received high pay in New York.  “But you’ve lost the place?  “Oh, no!
In his palmy days, James Houghton was _crême de la crême_ of Woodhouse society.
A year after the death of Mrs. Houghton, Miss Frost became ill and suddenly died.
He is a perfect stranger to me.  And with this Alvina subtly contented herself.
She went upstairs and looked at his photograph—his dark and impertinent muzzle.
Do you think you could bear it?  “Yes, I’m sure I could, retorted Alvina.
Alvina floated off to her room, and sat by the window looking down on the street.
It was most curious to see Miss Pinnegar turtle up at the mention of this scheme.
“It’s absolutely ridiculous! she repeated, unable to do more than splutter.
The Allsops were great Chapel people, and Cassie Allsop was one of the old maids.
Alvina really liked Arthur, and thought a good deal about him—heaven knows why.
“You don’t mean to say you’re nervous? said Arthur rudely and sneeringly.
“There’s nothing against it, is there?  “Oh, it’s not that, she said.
Perhaps neither of us was properly inclined.  “I should think so, she said.
The hard white light showed her somewhat haggard-looking as she reached up to it.
He was even rather smart, judging from his yellow socks and yellow-and-brown tie.
Alvina looked across at Miss Pinnegar, as the two sat at the meagre supper-table.
Yet it was the kind of show that appealed to Mr. May: pictures between the turns.
It was with great difficulty he preserved his man-to-man openness and brightness.
James started as he nipped into the shop entrance, and found her confronting him.
“How old is your daughter?  “Fourteen.  “What is her name?  “Gemma.
She stood outside on the trodden grass behind the Band of Hope, and really cried.
The navvies were busy in troops along the Knarborough Road, and down Lumley Hill.
James now gave two performances each evening—and he always had _some_ audience.
She herself had eaten one, but she laid her hand on her chest when she swallowed.
He asked the same questions again and again, to try and make sure how bad it was.
“Have you eaten anything?  “One little mouthful, said Madame plaintively.
Louis’ trousers were cut rather tight at the waist, and gave him a female look.
The girls opposite shrieked again, for all the world like a gang of grey baboons.
But there are other men besides these here— She waved her hand to the window.
“But I don’t know what you call my nonsense.  “Ah, said Madame wearily.
Ah, such canaille should be beaten, as dogs are beaten, till they follow at heel.
Ciccio smiled slowly, the slow, fine, stupid smile, and turned to walk alongside.
In the morning?  “Do! cried Alvina, as Miss Pinnegar came through the door.
“There’s nothing _else_, is there?  “Wouldn’t you stay on? she asked.
“I don’t believe any good will come of it.  “But why? persisted Alvina.
She was so still, so remote, she felt that nothing, nothing could ever touch her.
Then she said gravely:  “Well!—yes!—well! She looked from one to another.
But Alvina was concerned only to flatter the plump, white, soft vanity of Madame.
Alvina wanted to water her wine, but was not allowed to insult the sacred liquid.
Pacohuila, la musica! cried Madame, starting to her feet and sounding frenzied.
Come now, it’s worth a hextra quart to me, else I shan’t have it, I shan’t.
He strayed alongside as if he half belonged, and half didn’t—most irritating.
She evoked the images of her mother and Miss Frost: ladies, and noble women both.
Then, as she met his eyes,  “To Woodhouse? he said, watching her, to fix her.
“Then come on bicycle.  “You’re content to leave me, muttered Geoffrey.
“Sommes d’accord.  “Ben! said Ciccio, holding out his hand for the bag.
“Yes, you’re a lost girl, sobbed Miss Pinnegar, on a final note of despair.
Cold in the winter, hot in the summer—  “As cold as England? said Alvina.
When I was a small boy my father, he died, and my mother comes with me to Naples.
Cette compagnie n’est pas de ma choix.  “Allez! said Ciccio, more loudly.
“Yes, I do.  “Wouldn’t you rather wait, and see—  “What? he said.
She would not be able to take the twelve-forty train, for it was already mid-day.
But there’s Sharps and Fullbanks to pay.  “I’ll pay those, said Alvina.
Her face was cold and distant, but she smiled slightly as she bade them good-bye.
She smiled to herself when she saw his large and important presence on the board.
I’ve got to call on the way.  “Where have you got to call?  She told him.
And I’m much too much in love with you to let you go on indefinitely like this.
She had seen him lurking in the streets of the town, but had never spoken to him.
She found Mrs. Tuke crouched in a chair, with a drawn, horrified, terrified face.
It was beautiful, and Alvina felt she had known it all before, in a happier life.
Alvina noticed the shuffle of his skin-sandalled feet, the quiet step of the ass.
The fierce, savage gods who dipped their lips in blood, these were the true gods.
For had he not travelled Europe with English gentlemen, as a sort of model-valet!
She knew how he loved her—almost inhumanly, elementally, without communication.
Alvina saw them dropping hurriedly down the incline between the twiggy wild oaks.
I suffered so much, that I must lean against the wall to support me to walk home.
On sunny days Alvina walked down to the desolate river-bed, which fascinated her.
The moment she went through a door the sense of dark repulsiveness came over her.
They bewitched you with loveliness, and lurked with fangs to hurt you afterwards.
Then the cool wind came in a storm, the next day there was grey sky and soft air.
These were days of waiting—horrible days of waiting for Ciccio to be called up.
For instance, to possess unity a plot must have a beginning, a middle and an end.
It defines all the technical terms which it uses, and illustrates its principles.
The _De institutione oratoria_ of Quintilian was too long to be preserved intact.
In _The Epistle Dedicatory to the Shepheards Calender_ (1579), for instance, E.K.
The divine powers, for instance, create the idea of a table--the only true table.
It is Homer who has chiefly taught other poets the art of telling lies skilfully.
Here the text may be literally true, but contain a spiritual significance beyond.
Quamquam vero hoc commune habet cum Rhetorica, quod utraque sit famula Politicae.
The Turkish women are generally timorous of men, and especially so of foreigners.
The tax-gatherer is their only grievance; they look upon him as a necessary evil.
His house was situated in a neighboring valley in the shadow of a towering bluff.
On its conical peak converge the dominions of the Czar, the Sultan, and the Shah.
We forged ahead with nimble step, joking, and singing a variety of national airs.
It dawned upon us that this was only another trick of the zaptiehs to get a rest.
This unusual disturbance now brought out the inmates of the adjoining _anderoon_.
Our peculiar mode of travel subjected us to great extremes in our mode of living.
There it stops altogether, after a westward course of over fifteen hundred miles.
On one side of the courtyard the doors of the “foreign reception room opened.
Everything about us was foreign except a Chinese divan in one corner of the room.
In being, Sir--but _Sharp_ here, and I, have been at some cost in finding her out.
Besides, Sir, I have given my Heart and Faith, And my second Marriage is Adultery.
--What have I next to do, but seek a Death Wherever I can meet it--Who comes here?
Good morrow, Mr. _Bellmour_, and to your lovely Bride, long may you live and love.
--But, Madam, may I not yet expect To hear the Story, you so lately promis’d me?
Victorious _Betty_, be merciful, and do not ruin my Reputation amongst my Friends.
Till then, I’ll let mistaken Parents know The mischiefs that ensue a broken Vow.
--But first conduct me to my Wife; For I will see her--nor can I die unpardon’d.
To see my Wife, my Wife, Impertinence; And must I meet with nought but Opposition?
This Day we’ll set apart for Mirth, And all must make my House their happy home.
Never since _Julia_ did possess my heart; what news, my dearest Messenger of Love?
Fellow, I forgive thee,--here’s my hand to kiss in sign and token I am appeased.
have I a Mother-in-law too?--she must along with us, and take a frisk,--no denial.
Hum--hum--very noble, i’faith, we’ll e’en confess our loves too, _Isabella_.
_When ill success shall make thee idle lie,   Mayst thou in bed be impotent as I_.
Hum--this _Turkey_ Air has a notable faculty, where the Women are all plaguy kind.
_Enter Sir_ Feeble Fainwou’d, _Sir_ Cautious Fulbank, Bearjest     _and_ Noisey.
In fine, I’ll have my money, Sir, or i’faith, _Alsatia_ shall not shelter you.
I know you are the best of Landladies, As such I drink your Health--    [_Drinks_.
I’m sorry I have took it at its Turning; I’m sure mine’s ebbing out as fast.
_That God repents his former Slights,       And Fortune thus your Faith requites_.
I suspected her being so close in with his Nephew--in a Fit with a Pox--[_Aside_.]
With all my Soul--      [_They sit gaping, and expecting when either should speak.
Why do I waste my Youth in vain pursuit, Neglecting Interest, and despising Power?
Why at your feet are all my Fortunes laid, And why does all my Fate depend on you?
By all my Vows, let it be what it will, It ne’er shall alter me from loving you.
Oh, Sir, he has not Courage for that--but he’s an admirable Fellow at your Lock.
no--put up your Money, Sir--what, lose my Wife for three hundred Pounds!--  _Gay_.
Go not to Bed, I guard this sacred Place, And the Adulterer dies that enters here.
Ay, but you’re wondrous free methinks, sometimes, which gives shreud suspicions.
Charge not my Soul with so remiss a flame, So dull a sense of Virtue to refuse it.
oh, ‘tis a politick Fetch; So some have hang’d themselves to ease_ Jack Ketch.
Nature in all her Atom-Fights ne’er knew Two things so opposite as Them and You.
Thus, while some common Prize you hope to win, You let the Tyrant Victor enter in.
There was so; but she was poor, that’s the Devil, I could have lov’d her else.
Faith, Sir, I am only fearful you will never Pass with those Patches you speak of.
And of these evils, this I think the least; And as for me, I never thought it sin.
--My Lord--what, alive?--         [_Sees_ Pisaro, _runs to him, and embraces him_.
Believe me ‘twas the Princess’ passion for you Made up that breach last night.
I would refuse these Fetters which I wear, And be a Slave to nothing but to Glory.
Have you exhausted so his stock of Courage, He has not any left t’appear withal?
To disobey, thy punishment shall be; To live in endless torments, but ne’er die.
Mrs. Behn’s farce kept its place in the repertory and long remained a favourite.
There is an amusing reference to _The Emperor of the Moon_ in _The Spectator_, No.
If I have Honour, I must die with Rage; Reproaching gently, and complaining madly.
The Front of the Scene is only a Curtain or Hangings, to be drawn up at Pleasure_.
Our Fortunes depending solely on his Pleasure, which are too considerable to lose.
there’s no escaping him; he’s in the next Room, through which you are to pass.
No, no, Sir, he comes to impose the grossest Lye upon you, that ever was heard of.
These two lines, which are obviously metrical, all former editions print as prose.
4to 1671 only has ‘Weeps.’ 4to 1690 and 1724 give the stage direction in full.
“I don’t know when I shall have any more money to give you, mother, he said.
Sometime I hope to go there.  “I think that is the dream of every country boy.
‘A rolling stone gathers no moss,’ observed Mr. Tripp, in a moralizing tone.
“We might take up a contribution for you, Silas, said the constable, jocosely.
“You came into my store last night and stole some money.  “Is zis zer store?
“You’ll suffer for this, he said, sternly, eying the tramp over his glasses.
Edgar Hazlitt.  “Do you know where Lexington Avenue is? asked the professor.
He turned lazily as he heard the door open, and let his glance rest on Mr. Conrad.
“No, he isn’t.  “I’ve come in about the month’s rent.  “Very well!
He was not partial to poor people or tenement houses, and he was glad to get away.
He had, besides, an idea that a boy so afflicted would be repulsive in appearance.
“No; I never saw a pair of boxing gloves before.  “I will give you a lesson.
“Don’t make too much of such a trifle, Chester! returned the other, lightly.
He had never before ridden in such a conveyance and the sensation was a novel one.
Didn’t you send this boy with a message? said Mr. Perkins, rather impatiently.
On the door of a room a little way from the elevator he saw the name, and knocked.
Indeed, we have had to limit investments to five thousand dollars for each person.
It was through him that my bookkeeper lost his integrity and ruined his prospects.
I think it is because my mother had money, and he feared she would leave it to me.
Should it be more than you need, you can lay aside any     surplus for future use.
Can you spare me?  “Does your health require it, Mr. Rand? asked the editor.
Darius Floyd.  “And you knew my poor son?  “Yes, ma’am, I knew him well.
I would have been willing to take her just to oblige.  “So would I, Mr. Tripp.
Miss Frost imperceptibly took into her hands the reins of the domestic government.
James had now a new direction to run in: down hill towards Bagthorpe, to Klondyke.
Alvina immediately burst into tears and flung herself into the arms of Miss Frost.
The upshot was, that Alvina was to go to Islington for her six months’ training.
They looked at her, as if she were Woman itself, some creature not quite personal.
What was left unsaid mattered more to Alvina now than anything that was expressed.
It’s a bronchial cold, whispered Miss Frost hurriedly, trying to sip the milk.
But you’ll feel other things—  “I haven’t the heart, persisted Alvina.
Against her usual habit, Alvina joined the plumber and her father in the scullery.
He spent his vacations in Woodhouse—and he was only in his first year at Oxford.
Then stubbornly, he rigged them up again, and stared again at his interrupted job.
“I’d rather have my own mistakes than somebody else’s rights, said Alvina.
They discoursed amiably as they went, James bending forward, Mr. May bending back.
But she hardened herself once more, though the effort cost her a year of her life.
Alvina walked down to Lumley and was shown the site and was introduced to Mr. May.
I lost I don’t know how many pounds, the first year I was married to that woman.
He was satisfied with Mr. May: he had to admit that he was satisfied with Mr. May.
Wait a minute, I’ll see if we haven’t got some of those pastilles for burning.
“Will you let me take your temperature?  Madame started and looked frightened.
He kissed it quickly, then turned aside his head because of the tears in his eyes.
But Ciccio, stretching forward taut and immobile with rage, was quite unconscious.
We are wondering which way Ciccio will have gone, on to Knarborough or to Marchay.
Madame, who was dancing Kishwégin on the last evening, cast sharp glances at her.
“Is it finished?  “Yes, I think. He reached his pump and blew up the tire.
Well—you’d better come into the other room, to the fire, said Miss Pinnegar.
Only her large eyes looked blue in their tiredness, as she glanced down at Ciccio.
He studied her with alert, yellow-dusky, inscrutable eyes, until she met his look.
She went to the mirror, still, evanescent, and tidied her hair, smoothed her face.
She looked at his frail, handsome, ethereal face, and crossed herself as she wept.
A posse of minor tradesmen followed the cabs—all in black and with black gloves.
Uncouth, they seemed to him, all raw angles and harshness, like their own weather.
It’s enough—it’s enough—  And there was a silence between the two women.
“Tonight, she said, “the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras make their feast of affiliation.
“Then you will become one of the tribe of Natcha-Kee-Tawara, of the name Allaye?
Save for the fatal numbness of her love for him, she could still have escaped him.
“Seems yer doin’ yersen a bit o’ weshin’.  Still Alvina didn’t answer.
He was playing the wildly-yearning Neapolitan songs, of which Alvina knew nothing.
“Aren’t I comical?  She took him upstairs—first to the monumental bedroom.
When they climbed the stairs, he fingered the big, smooth mahogany bannister-rail.
Most decidedly, most one-sidedly, if I may use the vulgarism, I _see—e—e!_ Oh!
“And when are you going to let this fatal decision take effect? asked Mr. May.
Luxuriously, she resented having to get up and tackle her heap of broken garments.
For she felt that once she had left, she could never come back to Woodhouse again.
They kept to themselves—and Alvina kept to herself—and Madame kept to herself.
If nobody makes you, and yet you feel it, it must be in yourself, don’t you see?
She wondered where they were, what they were doing, how the war had affected them.
Is he a great hefty brute?  She looked with big, slow, enigmatic eyes at Alvina.
She had brushed, as it were, the fringe of the terror of the war and the invasion.
There was a wooden settle in front of the hearth, stretching its back to the room.
His whole physique, his whole living body spoke and uttered and emphasized itself.
If you don’t come back it will be because you don’t want to—no other reason.
It was not her affair, where they should go, so long as he really returned to her.
Aristotle by this does not, as might seem, exclude rhythm and harmony from poetry.
We believe that which we see, even though we know in our hearts that it is not so.
In structure, also, the _ars poetica_ is not a critical analysis, but a text-book.
These principles John illustrates with leonine verses and ecclesiastical epistles.
The affection of a trope is the quality whereby   it requires a second resolution.
_Memoria_ he omits, following here, as elsewhere, the sound leadership of Vossius.
The extreme view of the moral value of poetry was taken by the educators of youth.
To none other of the seven liberal arts, in fact, does Hawes devote so much space.
Poets, he goes on to say, use metaphors because of the weakness of their material.
G. L. Hendrickson, The Origin and Meaning of the Ancient Characters of Style, _Am.
CONTENTS                                                                PAGE    I.
As soon as the bicycles were over the threshold, the doors were bolted and braced.
“Around the world, they repeated again and again, with a mystified expression.
The interest the Kurds had up to this time taken in our venture died away at once.
They frequently tipped their loads, or got wedged in between two unyielding walls.
We turned in together under our single blanket, with the old gentleman between us.
Toward this we directed our course, and, an hour later, stood upon its very verge.
We refused to pay him more than a certain sum, and started to vacate the premises.
Tenacious of their word, these people were also scrupulous about returning favors.
Our exhibitions were usually rewarded by a spread of sweets and yellow Dungan tea.
For this reason we were delayed one evening in reaching the town of Dyou-min-shan.
But between us and our goal lay the Edzina river, now swollen by a recent freshet.
More to be feared is the use of opium as a poison, especially among Chinese women.
“Do you consider the Shah of Persia a powerful monarch? was his next question.
Why--I wou’d have you love, and after that You need not be instructed what to do.
Give me your Faith, give me your solemn Vow To be my Wife, and I shall be at Peace.
So am not I, ye mangy Mungrels, till I have kickt Courage and Reputation out of ye.
what is Man, that he can live and bear, Yet know his Power to rid himself of Grief?
The Answer of a Letter, Sir, you sent the divine _Celinda_; for so it was directed.
How durst you, Sir, knowing my Quality, Return me this false Pay, for Love so true?
Is this the Comfort that thou dost impart To my all-wounded, bleeding, dying Heart?
For I am very apt to learn of Beauty--Gods-- What is’t I negotiate for?--a Woman!
And so thou shalt; defenceless, I will yield, And leave my Bosom open to thy Sword.
Why, what a Devil, shall I be made ridiculous, a Coxcomb, Cuckold, to shew my Wife?
Be wondrous kind, be lavish of thy Heart, Be generous in thy Love, and give me all.
I’m sure thou wilt not marry her, thou canst not do’t and hope to go to Heaven.
No matter, make sure of those Seamen however; that they may be ready upon occasion.
but here comes _Isabella_; let’s puff up her Pride with Flatteries on her Beauty.
Her Face, her Shape, her Mein, her every part declares her Lady--or something more.
And I, as no damn’d Wife, proud Daughter, or tormenting Chamber-maid can make me.
Let that the value of our Play inhance, Then it may prove indeed the_ Lucky Chance.
Had I but kept my Sacred Vows to _Gayman_, How happy had I been--how prosperous he!
He’s driven to the last degree of Poverty-- Had you but seen his Lodgings, Madam!
A Treasure thou so easily threw’st away; A Riddle simple Love ne’er understood.
_Changes to the Bed-chamber; _Leticia_ in an undressing by the Women at the Table_.
There is but one way, Sir, to make me hate you; And that wou’d be tame suffering.
On downright Dulness let her rather split, Than be Fop-mangled under colour of Wit.
the Princess, _Isillia_, Sister to _Cleontius_, Woman to _Erminia_,  Mrs. _Clough_.
I do believe _Philander_ wants no courage; But what he did was to preserve his own.
The King my Father would his promise keep, And thou must him enjoy for whom I weep.
Justice and Honour on my Sword shall sit, And my Revenge shall guide the lucky hit.
Shall she be made a prey, and I permit it, Who only have the interest to forbid it?
Ah, Madam, that you would believe my tears, Or from my Vows but satisfy your Fears.
A Fate more glorious does that Life attend, And does preserve you for a nobler end.
Why, Madam, he is run--quite through the Heart,--but the Man may live, if I please.
And one, the most material in our _Rosycrusian_ order.--Please you to make a Tryal?
Ha, I hear a soft Tread,--if it were _Mopsophil’s_, she wou’d not come by dark.
Well, well, dispute no more this clear Case, but let’s hasten to your Mistresses.
To thee, that false Deceiver, thou hast broke thy Vows, thy lawful Vows of Wedlock.
Ah, Seignior--              [_Makes his little dapper Leg, instead of a Curt’sy_.
Without Circumlocutions, Sir, I have seen all the Regions beneath the Sun and Moon.
The very same ‘tis here--Is there no preferment, Sir, for Men of Parts and Merit?
Be pleasant to repeat your Story, to tell me by what kind degrees you cozen’d me.
I have numbered this scene and added the locale which is evident from the dialogue.
I have added these words as Carlos addresses the mutes a little later in the scene.
4to 1687 ‘tout au toore.’ 4to 1688 ‘tout au tour.’  p.400, l. 30 _sighing_.
I have numbered this scene and supplied the locale ‘to Bellemante’s Chamber’.
It was first licensed ‘in prose by Martyn Parker’ to Oulton, 24 November, 1640.
It has been quite mistakenly suggested that Westwood was Otway’s theatrical name.
General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works  1.A.
“Why do some people have so much and others so little?  “It beats me, mother.
Where are you goin’ to work?  “I don’t know yet, answered Chester, sadly.
He had taken a severe cold from scanty clothing and exposure to the winter weather.
“And he is sick.  “I don’t feel no interest in him, said Silas, doggedly.
But we haven’t enough money to live on ourselves.  “Then tell him to go away.
Silas Tripp was too busy at the store to pay this parting compliment to his nephew.
The money came at the right time, for his mother needed some articles at the store.
“Then I’ll call this evenin’ after the store is closed.  “Very well, sir.
“How did that window come open, Abel? he asked, as Abel Wood entered the store.
It had probably slipped from his pocket, for he had no opportunity of spending any.
He was a man with a kindly face, and looked far less important than the bookkeeper.
When Mrs. Carlin had left the office, Chester thought it best to introduce himself.
Long can’t possibly have a receipt.  “You are mistaken, said Mr. Fairchild.
In the center of the room was a study table, covered with books, open as if in use.
Shall I tell you what I did once?  “Yes, answered Mullins, in some curiosity.
“I had won eight hundred and sixty-five dollars, answered Dick Ralston, coolly.
Boy as he is, he is a salaried contributor to _The Phoenix_.  “You surprise me.
Then he followed Felix, who in about five minutes began to show signs of agitation.
“What kind of an artist are you?  “I make drawings for an illustrated weekly.
The door of the sitting room was opened quickly, and two boys dashed into the room.
Edward had expected to go back with him, but to this Mrs. Trimble would not listen.
She was rather surprised by the visit, and a little curious to learn what it meant.
General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works  1.A.
But the natives shied off as if he had offered them the poisoned robes of Herakles.
The higher powers did not seem to fulfil the terms of treaty which James hoped for.
It was just an accidental aberration on the girl’s part from her own true nature.
To tell the truth, Alvina herself was a little repelled by the man’s love-making.
The hard shining of her eyes softened again to a sort of demureness and tenderness.
“No, I don’t wish I had gone to Australia, retorted Alvina with a rude laugh.
On his entry she became blue at the lips immediately, so he had to hurry out again.
Wretched man, what is he to do with these exigeant and never-to-be-satisfied women?
But tall—the miners seemed to her to loom tall and grey, in their enslaved magic.
Never had Woodhouse been so thronged on Fridays with purchasers and money-spenders.
Even a brown penny seemed alive and pulsing with mysterious blood, potent, magical.
“Oh well, we’ll say another day, shall we?  “When I feel I can, she said.
All the girls were pairing off with the boys for the after-chapel stroll and spoon.
The same idea represents a different kind of feeling in every different individual.
“What stops you?  “I’ve so much to do.  He smiled slowly and satirically.
“I can’t understand that you disliked Mr. Witham so much? said Miss Pinnegar.
Ach, schon vierzig           Ach, schon vierzig Und noch immer Keiner find ’sich.
He was rather stout, frail in health, but silent and insuperable, was A. W. Jordan.
‘And _then_ you did!’  “What did she expect you to live on? asked Alvina.
He was a queer, black-eyed creature, with a look of silence and toad-like lewdness.
Madame looked at her searchingly, with shrewd black eyes under her arched eyebrows.
I— she tapped her forehead and shook her head—“I am not kind from the head.
“Go thou to Knarborough, Geoffrey, and see—and be back at the theatre for work.
Then she raised her veil to wipe away her tears of anger and bitter disappointment.
Geoffrey passed on his bicycle, calling out that he would go straight to Woodhouse.
And then, flickering, wicked, doubtful, she watched Ciccio wrestling with the bear.
There would be her father, herself, and Mr. May—or a new operator, a new manager.
In the afternoon arrived Frederick Houghton, James’s cousin and nearest relative.
Yes! And smiling, he kissed her, delicately, with a certain finesse of knowledge.
And they were all nettled, even indignant that she did not jump at their proposals.
Because we cannot say Miss Houghton—what?  “Do call me Alvina, said Alvina.
It produced a kind of dazed submission in her, the drugged sense of unknown beauty.
“I don’t like it.  “Summat a bit stronger ’n ’t bottle, my sakes alive!
He—eh, it’s a pity you don’t take a drop of nothink, it’s a world’s pity.
She saw in the movement how affectionate he was, and in his own way, how emotional.
He glanced furtively round, to see if any one was listening, if any one might hear.
They passed the ruins of Throttle-Ha’penny, and Alvina glanced at it indifferent.
“How do I know!  “I should have thought it was obvious, said Miss Pinnegar.
Miss Pinnegar was sitting with Alvina, determined not to go to Chapel this evening.
Hastily she opened the windows and doors to drive away the smell of beer and smoke.
Miss Pinnegar glanced once at him, sullenly, and briefly answered his good-morning.
She snuggled deliciously in the sheets, and admitted to herself that she loved him.
“But how positively awful, said Miss Pinnegar, sinking motionless into a chair.
Alvina’s sphinx was an old, deep thoroughbred, she would take no mongrel answers.
But her cheeks were white as paper, and her eyes black as drops of ink, with anger.
Please count it once more!— Alvina counted it and kept it clutched in her hand.
Have you been drinking stout? This as he gazed down on the wan mother in the bed.
He had never even imagined what it was to be so expanded: what a delicious feeling.
He was a big man, and he always wore navy blue suits, well-tailored and immaculate.
Alvina suddenly reached forward and made a loud, screeching flourish on the hooter.
Having recovered from her journey, she went out on to the cliffs on the north side.
“You come with me, with Ciccio.  She shuddered at the soft, plaintive entreaty.
They had waited their turn and got inside—Ciccio was not good at pushing his way.
His movement as he rose seemed to move her in her sleep, she turned to him at once.
They treated her as if she were some sort of invalid or angel, now she was leaving.
But this meant another wild tussle with a Paris taxi-driver, in the filtering snow.
On the cart rattled and bumped, in the cold night, down the high-way in the valley.
Then Pancrazio found wine—a whitish wine, not very good, for which he apologized.
She was dead tired, and stunned with cold, and hopelessly dirty after that journey.
And yet Alvina by dint of constant hearing began to pick up the coagulated phrases.
Maria had kept scuffling admiringly in and out, crying her wonderment and approval.
They don’t like me because I have a house—they think I am too much a _signore_.
Well, for this man on the cross, he couldn’t get a model who would do it for him.
Ciccio went to fetch it, whilst Pancrazio took Alvina to the summit, to the castle.
General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works  1.A.
General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works  1.A.
As a pedagogical mechanism it endeavored to teach students to persuade an audience.
The manner of imitating, if poetic, Aristotle says is either narrative or dramatic.
Furthermore, epithets and compound words are appropriate to verse but not to prose.
Thus rhetoric dried up and lost whatever reality it had possessed in imperial Rome.
Braverie of speach consisteth of tropes or turnings, and in figures or fashionings.
They call   rhetoric grammar, and grammar rhetoric, because both treat of language.
Chapman, likewise, considered verse the mark of poetry, and prose of rhetoric[242].
Come, says Aeschylus, tell me what are the points for which we praise a noble poet.
The first objection is that poetry as an imitative art is three removes from truth.
A carpenter makes a particular table which is not the real, but only an appearance.
According to this belief, the difference between poetic and rhetoric was minimized.
He does not, however, advance pleasure as the purpose any more than he does profit.
quoted by Karl Vossler, _Poetische Theorien in der italienischen Frührenaissance_.
General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works  1.A.
We could see from their costume and features that they were not pure-blooded Turks.
They invited us to partake of their frugal lunch of ekmek and goat’s-milk cheese.
Thus busily engaged, we failed for a time to realize the grandeur of the situation.
The old gentleman halted frequently to rest, and showed evident signs of weariness.
But he was recaptured and despatched, and his body thrown to the canine scavengers.
Then, too, such a plan, we thought, might not be unproductive of future advantages.
Even the Cossack, in his forays into the wilds of central Asia, is sustained by it.
The same is true of the children, who play together indiscriminately in the street.
Unusually wearied as we were by the cross-country cuts, we desired to retire early.
He draws you in, like cozening Citizen; Cares not how bad the Ware, so Shop be fine.
Oh, no, to morrow would have been too late, Too late to make returns to all my Pain.
Good morrow, Sir _Timothy_; what, not yet ready, and to meet Mr. _Bellmour_ at Five?
Ye shall be overpaid--there’s Gold, my little _Maquere_--but she’s very handsom?
then it seems I was not to be believ’d--I told you I had Courage when I was angry.
What were they which unto the Holy Man Thou didst repeat, when I was made all thine?
_The happy Minute’s come, the Nymph is laid,     Who means no more to rise a Maid.
offers to go off_, Celinda _steps forth, and     draws, they draw, and set upon her.
yes, if all my Interest or Estate can purchase it-- some Joy yet that thou art well.
Canst thou repent thy Injuries to her, And leave the rest of all thy Sins neglected?
--Where is that Lady which you so admire, Whose Beauty does eclipse that of _Diana_?
_Enter Sir_ Timothy, _follow’d by_ Phillis, Sham,     Sharp, _and_ Betty Flauntit.
For Wit’s profane, and Jesuitical, And Plotting’s Popery, and the Devil and all.
Why, Father, the Gentry and Nobility now-a-days frequently marry Citizens Daughters.
So, so, ‘tis my confounded Wife, who expecting some body wou’d have me gone now.
Ah, _Antonio_, I find by that sad look of yours, you have over-heard our hasty Doom.
What’s here--one dead--                                   [_Looking on_ Francisco.
Come, Ladies, you are Dishes to be serv’d up to the board of the _Grand Seignior_.
But you can fit him--Let a worse Fool come, If he neglect, to officiate in his room.
to _Leticia_, Sir _Cautious Fulbank_, an old Banker married to _Julia_, Mr. _Nokes_.
For if his Fortune be declining, ‘tis sacrificed to his Passion for your Ladyship.
Ay--a--he goes--in a Litter--’tis his Fancy, Madam--Change of Air may recover him.
_Enter with a Dark-lanthorn_ Bredwel _disguis’d like a Devil,     leading_ Gayman.
Ads bobs, and so they would--but there was no Arms, nor Mutiny--where’s _Francis_?
No, Sir--you do not like me--a canvas Bag of wooden Ladles were a better Bed-fellow.
Oft has the soft, insipid Sonneteer In_ Nice _and_ Flutter, _seen his Fop-face here.
Art thou a Lover then, and look’st so gay, But thou hast ne’er a Father to obey.
But if your Fates unequal do appear, _Erminia_, ‘tis my heart that odds must bear.
But if the King his liking do afford, Would you not with _Alcippus_ break your word?
When I would tell my love, I seem most rude, For that informs me how I am subdu’d.
Till then the promise I the Princess made, I beg you would permit might be obey’d.
I know not why you should, Sir; She’s where she ought, abed with young _Alcippus_.
Soft touches may allay the Discords here, And sweeten, though not lessen my Despair.
Can you so soon yield up my right to him, And not blush whilst you own your Perjury?
My Lord, the Princess has a passion for you, Have I not reason now to be your Enemy?
That made your Father greater than before, And what he justly lost that did restore.
Had I detain’d thee but an hour longer, Thou’dst been the only happy of thy Sex.
Sir, ‘tis no time to talk in, come with me, For here’s no safety for a Murderer.
Fame, Sir, has done me too much Honour, to bear my Name to the renown’d _Caballa_.
but none but the _Caballa_ and their Families are blest with their divine Addresses.
_She gets round the Chamber to the     Door, and as he advances in, she steals out_.
Thou Villain, thou question’st me, as if thou knew’st not that I was return’d.
Sir, she shall wait on you, and I shall be proud of the Honour of your Conversation.
What then remains, but that we consummate This happy Marriage in our splendid State?
All previous editions read ‘Enter several with Musick.’  p. 194, l. 5 _Dudgeon_.
This speech, which all previous editions give to Erminia, I have assigned to Aminta.
Tom Dove has been wrongly described as ‘a bearward.’  p. 22 _Southampton House_.
Artall is in love with Lucinda, who is married to a toothless old lawyer, Bartoline.
Some of its reputation was due to the fact that it was a favourite resort of Dryden.
I make sketches for books and magazines.  “And does that pay?  “Fairly well.
“Is there a lawyer in the village?  “Yes, Lawyer Gardener.  “Send for him.
Will you be kind enough to take care of the papers for me?  “Certainly, Chester.
Fifty dollars gained in any other way would not have given him so much satisfaction.
“Ain’t you ashamed of yourself?  “No, I’m not, Chester answered, boldly.
You’ll have to go to jail.  “I’m a ’spectable man, hiccoughed the tramp.
This will afford you a steady     income, which you can supplement by your art work.
“A man named James Long.  A curious expression came into the bookkeeper’s eye.
“Good-evening, my young friend, he said, cordially, as Chester entered the room.
That is, I sold this and another for fifteen dollars.  “By the great horn spoon!
It was Mr. Mullins, the bookkeeper, who sent me.  “That complicates the mystery.
“If you don’t, I think he’ll keep me.  “Then I’ll promise not to accept.
“But I think I can get him another place in a day or two, said Chester, quickly.
The salary is small—only seven dollars a week—but——  “I shall feel rich.
They stopped at Niagara Falls, but only for a few hours, and spent a day in Chicago.
“It is quite often done.  “I would prefer you, said Mrs. Trimble, decidedly.
“Well, Mr. Tripp, she said, “Chester Rand’s got home.  “You don’t say!
He courted a small, dark woman, older than himself, daughter of a Derbyshire squire.
In the great lofts sewing-machines of various patterns and movements were installed.
Far from it, she herself contributed to the upkeep of the domestic hearth and board.
James could sell at last fifty or sixty tons a week: for the stuff was easy getting.
She was a thin child with delicate limbs and face, and wide, grey-blue, ironic eyes.
While she was little, she went to Sunday School twice and to Chapel once on Sundays.
Came his letter from Sydney, and one from his parents to her and one to her parents.
But so it was, she felt herself beaten, condemned to go back to what she was before.
Being her father’s daughter, we might almost expect that she did not make a penny.
Her father came and wept self-conscious tears, Miss Frost cried a little, painfully.
It was as if she were in her tomb for ever, like the dead and everlasting Egyptians.
And then suddenly, cold rain, endless cold rain, and darkness heavy, wet, ponderous.
We shall have to stop him.  “I’ve said all I can say, blurted Miss Pinnegar.
“But how can you create a supply of better class people? asked Alvina mockingly.
Arthur was there to tea—very ill at ease and feeling as if his hands were swollen.
He and Lottie were quite happy together, and he was absorbed in his petty ambitions.
Alvina could not bear the sight of him—she simply could not bear the sight of him.
What makes you refuse?  “I don’t want to.  He paused and looked down at her.
The all-to-one-pattern modern system is too much for most extraordinary individuals.
Of course it was frightfully wrong to be standing peeping in the high street at all.
“What manager? said Miss Pinnegar, short, silent, and inevitable in the doorway.
(_Oh-h—Go on!_)   Alvina worked herself into quite a fever, with her imaginings.
Of cauce it won’t be anything to _look_ at: just an old wooden travelling theatre.
She was to go to the chemist for some cough-cure, because Madame had got a bad cold.
“It makes it colder after, he said, showing his teeth in a slight, stupid smile.
Alvina smeared the plasters and applied them to Madame’s side, where the pain was.
And now he arrived to find Madame in bed and the young men holding council with her.
Three of the horses were there, including the thoroughbred Ciccio was going to ride.
She felt his yellow-tawny eyes linger on her, in that one second, as if negligently.
For two days she lay in bed, attended by Mrs. Rollings and Alvina and the young men.
“We shall have to finish the Natcha-Kee-Tawara, that is all, she said fretfully.
Well what time will you come?  “About nine?  “Very well, and I leave at ten.
Ciccio was crouching mending a tire, crouching balanced on his toes, near the earth.
He turned like a quick-eared animal glancing up as she approached, but did not rise.
But you’re not only the _char_, are you?  “But is it the same? cried Alvina.
“He died! exclaimed the Italian, a flash of fear and dismay going over his face.
“Speak then, said Madame, “you have a reason. She seemed mistrustful of him.
“Will you put your coat in the passage?—and do smoke if you wish, said Alvina.
He saves, saves, saves, as they all do, to go back to Italy and buy a piece of land.
She was too much upset, and she had almost a horror of seeing Ciccio at that moment.
Hot, bitterish stuff—nothing: not like green Chartreuse, which Dr. James gave her.
“For the time, for the time—till the will is proved, it is all the cash she has.
You will see—  Alvina sat darning the sock and smiling at her own shamelessness.
At the week-end you must fetch more clothes, not spoil this beautiful gown of voile.
So she went into a shop that sold ladies’ underwear, leaving them on the pavement.
Louis was waiting to get the tickets, Gigi and Ciccio were bringing up the bicycles.
Suddenly she sank into a chair, and burst into tears, wailing:  “Your poor father!
La pauvre demoiselle; c’est malheur pour elle.  “That’s true, said Ciccio.
I’m a good Catholic, you know, I _can’t_ do with these provincial little creeds.
But I’m afraid, you know, you’ve landed me.  “I’m so sorry, said Alvina.
“You see, we are all old neighbours and connected with your father for many years.
“We shall have to make haste to catch the train.  “I can’t go by this train.
Born 17th January—  “You’ll have to put ‘Also of,’ said Miss Pinnegar.
Her skin seemed caressed and live with cleanliness and whiteness, luminous she felt.
But now she had her ball of cotton and her hook, and she worked away as she chatted.
She knew they all liked him for browbeating them, and having a heart over and above.
She tolerated him good-humouredly, as women so often tolerate ninnies and _poseurs_.
“Take that barrow-load of poison and _bury_ it! he shouted, in his strong voice.
They cause half the internal troubles people suffer from in summertime.  “Oh ay!
He showed her his flowers and his wall-fruit, and asked her to eat his strawberries.
That is, he would hire another assistant, and give himself a fair amount of leisure.
She realized she must do something—take some part in the wild dislocation of life.
Come in and take your rose.  The man’s voice called something from the distance.
She saw his face, beautiful, non-human in the moonlight, and she shuddered slightly.
She was even free from Mrs. Tuke, who in her own way was more exacting than the men.
He loved her—but it was in a dark, mesmeric way, which did not let her be herself.
He did not like being in England, a foreigner, amid the beginnings of the spy craze.
There were trees on the road-side, and a small channel of invisible but noisy water.
And then Maria, the little elvish old wife of Giovanni, would come up with the cows.
She began to get the drift of the questions—which Pancrazio answered with reserve.
No, we were not hurt, because the top of the cross fell so that it did not crush us.
They got on to a broader track, where the path from a distant village joined theirs.
“You must never come alone, said Pancrazio, in his curious, benevolent courtesy.
She noticed the movement of his finely-modelled cheek, a little sallow this morning.
She hurried out, shrinking from the contamination of the dirty leather door-curtain.
“Oh! he cried, startled when, having come near the fire, he caught sight of her.
(47) All forests that have been created in our reign shall at once be disafforested.
The indebtedness to the Italian critics is well known and has been widely discussed.
The images held by the image-forming faculty are thus the after effect of sensation.
He may even have known that the fact of kingship had robbed rhetoric of its purpose.
In the renaissance this same tendency appears in Guevara, for instance, and in Lyly.
They were good because they were according to rule, and in imitation of good models.
Thus literary criticism was prescriptive, and the typical treatises were text-books.
This is characteristic of almost all the poets who attended the declamation schools.
The _dulce_ became for them too exclusively the pleasing garment of style and story.
And under colour of this beste, pryvely   The morall sense they cloake full subtyly.
In spite even of Plutarch, allegory, not moral example, is his main line of defence.
Thus also, says he, is it with the moral value of poetry disguised with sweet music.
During all of this journey we never employed the services of guides or interpreters.
The top of Little Ararat was still at that time streaked with snow, but not covered.
In half an hour our host and friends proceeded to indulge their voracious appetites.
Policy was evidently a better developed trait of Kurdish character than hospitality.
This predicament of their accomplice furnished the zaptiehs with a plausible excuse.
Disappointed, but not discouraged, we gazed at the silent old gentleman at our side.
The awful stillness was unbroken, save by the whistling of the wind among the rocks.
The atmosphere about us grew colder, and we buttoned up our now too scanty garments.
The view from this towering height was immeasurably extensive, and almost too grand.
One of the chief incidents of our pleasant sojourn was afforded by Governor Ivanoff.
Of the endurance of these Cossacks and their Kirghiz horses we had a practical test.
As usual, the crowd swarmed in front of the camera to gaze into the mysterious lens.
So I should, if I were to look in thy mouldy Chaps, good Matron--Can your Lady speak?
If you must yet delay me, Give me leave not to interest such Wealth without Security.
I thought thou’dst come about again; What think you now of Woman-kind, and Wedlock?
Why does not this hard Heart, this stubborn Fugitive, Break with this Load of Griefs?
Swift as Desire, into her naked Arms   Himself he throws, and rifles all her Charms_.
Be it so, we may arrive to that excellent Degree of Cracking, to be kept too one day.
Oh, I can towse, and ruffle, like any Leviathan, when I begin-- Come, prove my Vigor.
then I’m undone, she’s the Upholder of my Calling, the very Grace of my Function.
And so it had, hadst thou not hinder’d me; For I, Sir, was the Man who drew on you.
Who wou’d not then be for a Common-weal, To have the Villain covered with his Zeal?
Quality!--Why, is he not one of the richest Merchants of his standing in all _Cadiz_.
Saucy Impertinent, you shew your City breeding; you understand what’s due to Ladys!
is not this plain demonstration,--I shall murder her, I find the Devil great with me.
What thinks your Honour of taking the Air upon the Sea, in a Galley, a League or two?
why, so I can, Sir, I dare show my Face, Sir, before any Great _Turk_ in Christendom.
Vain amorous Coxcombs every where are found, Fops for all uses, but the Stage abound.
I came to compliment Mrs. _Leticia_ on her Wedding-Morning because she is my Scholar.
Come, Lads, let’s to the Tavern then--                                        [_Ex.
So have I, Sir, I thank my Stars, and have performed most of my Travels on Foot, Sir.
My Heart is well acquainted with that Voice, But Oh, my Eyes dare not encounter thee.
Away, you cannot think me such a Traitor; ‘tis more important business--  L. _Ful_.
no, no, I have took care for that, for I have, you must know, got his Pardon already.
For shame of Modesty, Sir; you wou’d not have me go to Bed before all this Company.
He must be as hot as _Vesuvius_ that does--I shall never earn my Morning’s Present.
Heavens, what noise is this?--So he’s got safe out I see--hah, what thing art thou?
_Enter_ Bellmour _at the door, knocks, and enter to him     from the House_, Phillis.
I was sick to know with what Christian Patience you bore the Martyrdom of this Night.
Hum--my Wife--why, if I shou’d lose, he cou’d not have the Impudence to take her.
Let writing like a Gentleman--fine appear, But must you needs judge too_ en Cavalier?
Discourage but this first attempt, and then They’ll hardly dare to sally out again.
Too much, _Pisaro_, you excuse his Pride, But ‘tis the Office of a Friend to do so.
Nay, thou mayst speak as well too much As too little; have a care of that, dost hear?
Your Love from Folly, not from Virtue grew; You never could believe he’d marry you.
This duty has regain’d me, and you’ll find A just return; I shall be always kind.
Though Hope be faithless, yet I cannot chuse, Coming from thee, but credit the abuse.
--Tell me you’ll love, or that my Suit is vain, Do any thing to ease me of my pain.
Can you forgive the rashness of a Man, That knows no other Laws but those of Passion?
Gently, _Erminia_, pour the Balsam in, That I may live, and taste the sweets of Love.
I charge thee by those Powers thou dost obey, Not to deprive me of thy blessed sight.
Is this the Gratitude you pay my Favours, That gave ye life, after your wrongs to me?
First, I’ll keep my word with thee, Receive the welcome present which I promis’d.
An absolute abstinence from carnal thought, devout and pure of Spirit; free from Sin.
At the entrance of the     Candle_, Charmante _slipt from_ Cinthio _into the Closet_.
Sure ‘twas Wind got into your Head, and whistled in your Ears, riding so late, Sir.
Stay, stay, Mistress; and what Service are you able to do the Seignior’s Daughters?
Sirrah, if you trouble me at every Mistake of yours thus, you shall quit your Office.
The wiser Wits have now new Measures set, And taken up new Trades that they may hate.
They but a Conquest over Men pursued, While these by gentle force the Soul subdu’d.
Scottish (Lothian) ‘slash’ = a great quantity of broth or any other sorbile food.
This witty comedy, Crowne’s masterpiece, was produced at the Theatre Royal in 1685.
I’ll ask Mr. Tripp to raise my pay to four dollars a week.  “But will he do it?
“And I shall be very glad to have you, said the young man, with a pleasant smile.
My mother is always ready to do a kind act.  “Then I will accept your kind offer.
“In the inside pocket of my coat, said Walter Bruce, “you will find a document.
Try to think up some     bright, original idea, and illustrate it in your best style.
“Do you know what it’s about?  “He’ll tell you, answered Abel, evasively.
He did not anticipate Abel’s staying to breakfast, and his suspicions were excited.
He must have took it away with him.  “There warn’t much whisky left in the jug.
“You are not afraid of failure, are you?  “No, Mr. Conrad, I feel very hopeful.
“Yes, I will come, said Chester, and, stooping over, he kissed the boy’s cheek.
Ernest’s face lighted up with a loving smile, and again he kissed Chester’s hand.
The bookkeeper did not incline favorably to this request, but did not dare to refuse.
Perkins, this is Felix Gordon, nephew of our bookkeeper, said Chester, unwillingly.
“I don’t suppose we are likely to have any business with Paul Perkins, he said.
Can you tell where I can get a good dinner moderate?  Felix came in at this moment.
“Four months ago I was the boy in a country grocery store.  “This is wonderful.
“Have you brought the money?  “Oh, Cousin David, I am so sorry.  “So sorry?
Half an hour later he was on a Cortlandt Street ferryboat bound for the Jersey shore.
“I will advance it to you, and you shall repay me when you can.     CHAPTER XXXV.
I came here to see Dean & Downie, with whom I have business.  “Heaven be praised!
He liked the novels of George Macdonald, and the fantasies of that author, extremely.
She seemed to give weight, ballast, and repose to the staggering and bewildered home.
Hence a further throbbing and shaking in the upper regions, truly terrible to endure.
She knew that a governess was an impossible item in Manchester House, as things went.
Her voice had the right twang, her eyes the right roll, her haunches the right swing.
The question remained stated, but completely unanswered—coldly awaiting its answer.
She was glad to be back in Islington, among all the horrors of her confinement cases.
On the whole, these young men had not any too deep respect for the nurses as a whole.
The curious, dark, inexplicable and yet insatiable craving—as if for an earthquake.
He emerged from under the sink, and they went to the kitchen and afterwards upstairs.
“Shall you come in a minute? said Lottie Witham, lifting the flap of the counter.
She brooded her days shabbily away in Manchester House, busy with housework drudgery.
Why not his curious, pale, half cold-blooded children, like little fishes of her own?
Dann heisst’s, die Alte putzt sich,           Sie ist fu’fzig, sie ist fu’fzig.
But on the very first morning that Mr. May broached the subject, he became a new man.
Mr. May went home more sick and weary than ever, and took his whiskey more biliously.
“That’s my manager. And he turned hastily down the shop, asking for his dinner.
Imagine!—beautiful fresh young champignons—  “Fresh mushrooms, said Alvina.
And so the accumulating dilation, on to the whirling climax of the perfect arum lily.
He loved to feel that his table was pressed down, that it groaned under their weight.
I can’t believe they want everything in the flat, he said, coaxing and miserable.
Max sat looking pale and stricken, Louis had hurried forward to take Madame’s hand.
Kishwégin obeys you. And Madame patted Alvina’s hand and nodded her head sagely.
“Oh, your Woodhouse, how glad I shall be when I have left it, she said to Alvina.
“But they’re not half so practical and clever as _you_, Madame.  “Oh la—la!
And after that, we are finished.  “You think so, said Mr. May, looking serious.
Max, Max, attends! cried Louis and Geoffrey, as Louis sprang down after his friend.
Trust them not, dogs of the south. She took a few agitated steps down the pavement.
“You are coming, aren’t you? she said, looking over her shoulder into his eyes.
He screwed his head round to her unwillingly, upside down, his chin tilted up at her.
Go on with the performance, there’s no need to bother about me. His eye was wild.
But one would have said she was repulsed, she found her task unconsciously repugnant.
But even in Madame’s stony mistrust there was an element of attraction towards him.
Cudgelling her brains, she remembered the doctors, and the suppers after the theatre.
And maraschino—why, that was the favourite white liqueur of the innocent Dr. Young.
“Vaali, drink to her—Boire à elle— She thrust her glass forwards in the air.
Come—  Ciccio laid down his mandoline and went to kiss the fingers of Kishwégin.
See, like this. And she showed Alvina another place where the garment was repaired.
She wasted as much time as possible in the shops, then they took the tram home again.
And that evening—it was Friday—Ciccio did not rise to accompany her to her house.
“Woodhouse has nothing for me any more.  “Of course it hasn’t, said Alvina.
Of _cauce_, at such a figure.  “Yes, it is a permanent engagement, said Alvina.
And why did she still fight so hard against the sense of his dark, unseizable beauty?
They had given four thousand pounds for it—which was above the lawyer’s estimate.
Miss Pinnegar was already in Tamworth, and her little shop would be opened next week.
They want me to go and see them on Monday, and then they will decide—  “Really!
And he’s bound to come now I’ve just cleaned up, trapesin’ wi’ his gret feet.
She recovered her equilibrium, and, pale to the lips, looked at him with sombre eyes.
“But do you think you can have a child without wanting it _at all_? asked Alvina.
I love you, Allaye! He held her fast to his breast and began to walk away with her.
And life is a mass of unintelligent forces to which intelligent beings are submitted.
The day was still grey, with sweepy rain-clouds on the sea—gruesome, objectionable.
How could a man’s movements be so soft and gentle, and yet so inhumanly regardless!
I shall never see thee again, brother, my brother! cried Gigi, and a sob shook him.
At the last moment a large black priest was crammed in, and the door shut behind him.
Peasants jumped out of the omnibus on to the road, to chat—and a sharp air came in.
They are beasts without sense, his voice floated angrily across the chill darkness.
She felt that everything around her was horrific, extinguishing her, putting her out.
“That’s good— he said, his eyes full of a triumphant, incommunicable meaning.
“They will come every day now.  Alvina rose and went round to the little balcony.
And the two natives seemed to press their cheer on Alvina and Ciccio whole-heartedly.
Only in his yellow eyes lurked a strange sardonic fire, and a leer which puzzled her.
And it was so, with me on top of him, and the heavy cross, that he could not get out.
Before a marriage takes place, it shall be’ made known to the heir’s next-of-kin.
Rhetoric is thus concerned only with stylistic artifice in verse as well as in prose.
Thus, as far as he goes, Milton represents the best in English renaissance criticism.
Rhetoric was the organon of Roman education, and declamation was the aim of rhetoric.
The bicycles had been put away under lock and key, and the crowd gradually dispersed.
The fast of Ramadan commemorates the revelation of the Koran to the prophet Mohammed.
It was evident that the visits of giaours to this place had been few and far between.
Although it was only a gruel of sour milk and rice, we managed to make a meal off it.
Our only salvation was to keep ahead of the jam, and get through as soon as possible.
Although we were surrounded by snow and ice, we were suffering with a burning thirst.
Sleep, under such circumstances, and in our cramped position, was utterly impossible.
Then, too, we could catch only occasional glimpses, as the clouds shifted to and fro.
Had he finally escaped, the miracle thus performed would have made Babism invincible.
But we were off the road, and a search was begun with lights to find the beaten path.
There was a click of locks, the clanking of chains, and the creaking of rusty hinges.
From Askabad to Samarkand there was a break in the continuity of our bicycle journey.
Our return to the post-road was made by an unbeaten track over the Ala Tau mountains.
As a mere ritual of technicalities it has perhaps reached its highest point in China.
All operators in the Chinese telegraph system are required to read and write English.
To busy himself with the smallest details is a distinctive characteristic of the man.
In the older drama, Clare, the original of Celinda, dies tragically of a broken heart.
This Night the Letter came, the dreadful News Of thy being married, and to morrow too.
No, by Heaven: yet wish I were so happy, For thou art wondrous fair and wondrous good.
You’ll wish indeed I were not, when you know How very, very wretched it has made me.
How in an instant thou hast chill’d my Blood, And made me know no Woman can be good?
Tell Heaven--you will hereafter sacrifice, --And see how that will please the Deities.
Oh, thou art wretched then indeed; no wonder if he hate thee-- Does he not curse thee?
Upon his Wedding Night to abandon thee, And shew his long dissembled natural Leudness!
I’ll try all ways, and the Devil’s in it, if I don’t hit upon the right at last.
--Ah, _Friendlove_, when thou hear’st my Story told, Thou wilt forgive, and pity me.
Though all of you don’t share with me in Title, In Character you differ very little.
You said but now you were my Friend, _Antonio_; If true, you must assist in my design.
Oh Husband, the delicatest fine Person of Quality, just alighted at the Door, Husband.
Oh, hold, hold, I’m no Christian, Gentlemen; but as errant a Heathen as your selves.
His Wife, with other Ladies, in a Pavillion in the Garden, attend your Royal pleasure.
_The School for Greybeards_ is, in fine, a modest and mediocre comedy of little value.
Prudently thought on, Sir, I’ll wait on you.--                                 [_Ex.
Ever while you live, keep a Wife ignorant, unless a Man be as brisk as his Neighbours.
Rail on, till you have made me think my Virtue at so low Ebb, it should submit to you.
Roguery, Knavery, to keep me from my Wife--Look ye, this was the Message I receiv’d.
Five and four--thirty--                                       [_Draws the Hat to him_.
No, you had rather yet go on in Sin: Thou wou’dst live on, and be a baffled Cuckold.
Madam, I beg your Pardon--I met with a most devilish Adventure; --your Pardon too, Mr.
It was quite a crucial test, and Otway proved his entire inability to face the public.
Who is’t that to their Beauty would submit, And yet refuse the Fetters of their Wit?
Yet suffer me to make thee some return, Though not for thee, yet to incourage Bravery.
Nay, Sir, I have done, and do believe ‘tis only I dare say you are a man of Prowess.
Why do you then keep such a stir, to gain The reputation of this thing you so despise?
Indeed I dare not say my cause of grief Does yours exceed, since both are past relief.
Ah, dear _Philander_, do not threaten so, Whilst him you wound, you kill a Sister too.
Erminia_, is this brave or just in you, To pay his score of Love with what’s my due?
_Enter_ Alcippus, _his Sword in his Hand, a_     Page _with Light, he stands a while_.
--Sir, you were wont to credit what I said, And I would still merit that kind opinion.
I never could believe it till this hour, By Heavens, I think I saw them too, _Pisaro_.
Go, carry on your innocent design, And when you’ve done, the last act shall be mine.
Alcippus_, may I credit what thou’st said, Or do you feign repentance to deceive me?
Now for this lucky Rival, if his Stars will make this last part of his Adventure such.
Fatigu’d with the most disagreeable Affair, for a Person of my Humour, in the World.
You shall, Sir, together with a Map of _Terra Incognita_; a great Rarity, indeed, Sir.
--Take this Intruder, or bring some of your Fellows hither, and toss him in a Blanket.
Most reverend Bards--profound Philosophers--thus low I bow to pay my humble Gratitude.
In all former editions Scenes I and II being counted as one this is numbered Scene II.
This term was used generally as a cant name for dice; often for cogged or loaded dice.
... to keep the term “Master out of sight, to be wanting in proper respect.’ cf.
Francis Godwin, Bishop of Llandaff, and later of Hereford), 8vo, 1638, and 12mo, 1657.
So you see, mother, I’ve earned something this week.  “I take it as a good omen.
Here’s twenty-five cents, and Silas took a battered quarter from the money drawer.
He was smoking a pipe.  “He lighted it before leaving our house, said Mrs. Rand.
He looked about him anxiously, and, to his relief, saw that Mr. Fairchild was present.
Chester did not forget his engagement to call upon Prof. Hazlitt on Wednesday evening.
Continue faithful to me and you will have no cause to repent it.  “Thank you, sir.
“I hope you have brought your appetite with you, Chester, said his Western friend.
I think you’d like it.  “No doubt, but I’d rather see the streets of New York.
Does he drink?  “I have never seen any evidence that he drank, answered Chester.
I was afraid you might be under an engagement with a rival publication.  “No, sir.
His face with its unnatural flush showed that his habits had been far from creditable.
You’ll send me any information about the bonds?  “Yes, Mr. Tripp, with pleasure.
“Look at that, Dick! said the bookkeeper, passing the telegram to his confederate.
He nodded secretly to the teller when that official read the check presented by Felix.
Entering, he saw Edward lying on the bed face downward, in an attitude of despondency.
“I think we have reason to feel grateful for your continued success     in New York.
“I hope, Mr. Fairchild, he concluded, “you will now forgive me for my treachery.
His goods were in excellent taste: but his customers were in as bad taste as possible.
For twenty years, she and James Houghton treated each other with a courteous distance.
He had shaved his side-whiskers, so that they only grew becomingly as low as his ears.
CHAPTER II THE RISE OF ALVINA HOUGHTON   The heroine of this story is Alvina Houghton.
She remained for twenty years the demure, refined creature of her governess’ desire.
The influence of the man was revoked, the girl was left uninhabited, empty and uneasy.
“Personally, said Miss Pinnegar, speaking of Alexander, “I don’t care for him.
He is nothing to me.  Miss Frost became gradually silent, and turned aside her face.
They had a certain life, and you had to take them at their own worth in their own way.
Imagine her mother’s startled, almost expiring:  “Why, Vina dear!  Vina laughed.
For the moment there was a sense of prosperity—or probable prosperity, in the house.
She sorted all her mother’s clothes—expensive, old-fashioned clothes, hardly worn.
The long semi-consciousness and the tearing pain of pneumonia, the anguished sickness.
Will you come in.  They sat in the middle room, the common living room of the house.
He would end by making a sufficient fortune, and by being a town councillor and a J.P.
For James Houghton had the impudence to make her an allowance of two shillings a week.
But I do mental science for my own interest.  Alvina had taken up a piece of sewing.
The kernel, the man himself—seemed so tender—the covering so stiff and insentient.
The next day she did not go to Morning Service, but stayed at home to cook the dinner.
Whether she would ever be able to take to his strange and dishuman element, who knows?
Everything was possible: and even desirable, once one could see the strangeness of it.
True enough, in Alvina’s pig-tail of soft brown the grey hairs were already showing.
He bent forward as he walked, and still nipped along hurriedly, as if pursued by fate.
If you go in a pinch-and-scrape fashion in the beginning, you will get nowhere at all.
He bought himself a new, smart overcoat, that fitted his figure, and a new velour hat.
His interest was still the human interest in living performers and their living feats.
Odd, extraneous creatures, often a little depressed, feeling life slip away from them.
He was fairly tall, but loosely built for an Italian, with slightly sloping shoulders.
Alvina had warned Max that she wanted Madame to be kept as quiet as possible this day.
There was a certain biting, annihilating quality in Louis’ derision of the absentee.
“No.  “He says he is going back to Italy?  “To London.  “It is the same.
Tell him that, the coward, that causes a woman’s word to be broken against her will.
She turned round and took the door-handle, still holding his fingers in her left hand.
He did not feel safe for one single moment whilst he depended on a single one of them.
When the daughter entered the ticket place, her father was again in a state of torpor.
He tried to talk to Alvina in a fatherly fashion, or a friendly, or a helpful fashion.
She remained there on the doorstep, neutral, blanched, with wide, still, neutral eyes.
“The old one—the Miss—Miss Pin—Pinny—what you call her.  “Miss Pinnegar!
“You’ll come again, won’t you? She looked at him from her strained, pale face.
Madame made him a secret, imperative gesture that he should accompany the young woman.
Dash my rags, it’s a caution!  “I haven’t got five shillings— said Alvina.
She followed the squat, intent figure with her eye, to the public-house at the corner.
Shall I trust you then—?  Madame usually had a kitchen to herself, in the morning.
Quickly she opened the house-door and slipped inside, shutting it sharply in his face.
His eyes watched her as a cat watches a bird, but without the white gleam of ferocity.
You make me feel I shall go out of my mind.  “But I _don’t_ know, said Alvina.
And he crept stealthily upstairs on tip-toe, a comical, flush-faced, tubby little man.
“I can’t now.  He laughed in a sinister way: yet with a certain warmheartedness.
“Well, he said, feeling with a finger-tip an imaginary roughness of one nail-edge.
Marasca is going by the train, he’ll have to have a little cold meat, said Alvina.
Alvina preferred the labourers with their awful long moustaches that got full of food.
As a matter of fact, he was conscious of the fact that he had risen to be a gentleman.
With a barely perceptible shake of the head, she refused, staring at him all the time.
And if he says you are indispensable—  This was a new idea for Alvina to cogitate.
He was just walking away with her down the road, clinging fast to her, enveloping her.
“Isn’t this like Italy?  He looked darkly out of the window, and shook his head.
For the first time she opened her eyes on a continent, the Alpine core of a continent.
They all picked their way down into the great white-bouldered bed of a mountain river.
He took a long iron tube or blow-pipe, which rested on two little feet at the far end.
And from far away came the wild braying of an ass, primeval and desperate in the snow.
So he had to lie shouting underneath me until some one came to the studio to untie me.
They were patched with a hideous, greenish mould-colour, blotched, as if with leprosy.
Nobody young can stop here.  The odd plangent certitude in his voice penetrated her.
It was the flowers that brought back to Alvina the passionate nostalgia for the place.
A dispute on this point shall be determined in the Marches by the judgement of equals.
The treatise of Horace is not in Aristotle's sense a _poetic_; it is an _ars poetica_.
A. enters the palace and kills the tyrant's son, whereupon the father commits suicide.
Then there are nine ways to begin a poem and nine ways to begin a dictamen or epistle.
The English middle ages, as has been shown, considered style synonymous with rhetoric.
But except as a teacher of language and of literature Ascham does not treat of poetry.
The other sort of allegory, says Bacon, instead of illuminating the idea, obscures it.
Our zaptieh on his jaded horse faded away in the dim distance, and we saw him no more.
With horses and wagons the rivers were usually fordable; and what more would you want?
He was now making his way to Erivan, in Russia, on a sight-seeing tour from Trebizond.
After half an hour’s rest, we prepared to decamp, and so did our Kurdish companions.
Our single bottle of tea had given out, and we suffered with thirst for several hours.
This proved advantageous on many occasions, and once, at Auli-eta, was even necessary.
The latter was considered a bonbon by the women and younger portion of the spectators.
Fruits and teas were brought, together with meats and chickens, and even a live sheep.
Papers were given them to be signed by the succeeding authorities on our safe arrival.
We began to wade cautiously through with luggage and wheels balanced on our shoulders.
If she be clean, and pretty, and drest in Love, I can excuse the rest, and so will she.
I will--but ‘tis as Misers part with Gold, Or People full of Health depart from Life.
admit!--I can no more admit, Than you can suppose--therefore give me your final Answer.
I am a Gentleman, and may pretend to love you; And what you can command, I can perform.
Yes, that if he marry her, you are to have all the Money that he offers to debauch her.
And Lover of _Diana_ too--Oh, quickly draw, Or I shall leave thee, like a Coward, dead.
And was it thou that didst defend my Heart, That I might live to pay thy Goodness back?
--And if you shou’d compel me, I shou’d live The infamous Reproach of my whole Sex.
That hadst thou pleaded his Cause to me before, I shou’d have been less cruel to him.
Fair Lady,--suffer the Broom of my Affection to sweep all other Lovers from your heart.
Sir, let your Virtue regulate your Passions; For I can ne’er love any but my Husband.
And wou’d not break my Marriage Vows to him, For all the honour you can heap upon me.
Five Pounds equips me--_Rag_ can conduct you--but I say you shall not go, I’ve sworn.
Alas, poor Pupsey--was it sick--look here--here’s a fine thing to make it well again.
Hum--what’s here, two Women?--                                [_Stands a little off_.
So, I’ll be hang’d if he do not tell me, I’m a Cuckold now: I see it in his Eyes.
I have discover’d now new Worlds of Charms, And can no longer tamely love and suffer.
_Alcippus_, by this pause you seem to doubt My Power or Will; in both you are to blame.
I took it, Sir, in scorn of those that hated me, And now resign it to the Man you love.
In loving him, she’d more ingrateful prove To her first Vows, to Reason, and to Love.
You cannot guess the Torments I endure: Not knowing the Disease you’ll miss the Cure.
This which you argue lessens not my Pain, My Grief’s the same were I belov’d again.
Shall I stand tamely by, and he receive That Heaven of bliss, defenceless she can give?
By Heaven, there is no faith in Woman-kind; _Alcander_, dost thou know an honest Woman?
_Enter_ Alcippus _in a Night-gown, with a Sword     in his hand, a_ Page _with Lights_.
Nay, now you urge me to impossibility: Good faith, I cannot tell, but guess the Prince.
I understand that thou’rt an impudent fellow, Whom I must cudgel into better manners.
A curse, he will out with it--                          [_Aside, pulls him by the Arm_.
But I would have none find it but my self, No Soul but mine shall sympathize with hers.
To your command should I submit to yield, Where could I from _Alcippus_ be conceal’d?
Vengeance and Justice will pursue thee close, And hardly leave thee time for Penitence.
Most admirable Philosophy and Reason!--But do these Sylphs and Nymphs appear in Shapes?
You have no cause to doubt, you can so easily acquit your self; but I, what shall I do?
run for my Pistols, call up my Servants, _Peter_, a Plot upon my Daughter and my Niece!
Scaramouch _puts out the Candle,     they come out of the Hanging, which is drawn away.
I’ll to my Study,--for I cannot rest,   Till I this weighty Mystery have discuss’d.
Knights of the Sun, our honourable Titles, And fight for that fair Mortal, _Mopsophil_.
The Ring, Hyde Park, a favourite ride and promenade was made in the reign of Charles I.
The Doctor was one of the leading masks, stock characters, in Italian impromptu comedy.
‘The highest pitched variety of the old flute with a mouthpiece.’--Murray, _N.E.D_.
You’ve got Abel Wood in my place.  “He ain’t of much account, grumbled Silas.
Mr. Conrad tells me you are an artist, said Rob, eying his new friend with curiosity.
All boys smoke in the city.  “I don’t think I should like it.  “Oh, nonsense!
He picked it up and found, to his surprise, that it was James Long’s missing receipt.
At the end of that time, how do you think I stood?  “How? asked Mullins, eagerly.
“Send him out! suggested Dick, in a still lower tone, but Chester caught the words.
The expense was a consideration, and again he found it difficult to leave his business.
I certainly hope so.  “What shall you do about Ralston? asked Chester, presently.
“I hope if you have money to spare you will put it in some savings bank, she wrote.
I suppose you have been there?  “No; office boys don’t often patronize Delmonico.
Over three thousand miles must be traversed by rail, but the trip is far from tiresome.
I think you will have to get out at the next station.  The old man was much agitated.
He thought he had not been clever enough, when he had been far, far too clever already.
But even she, in spite of the bitter sleety day, would not put the coat on in the shop.
Miss Frost charged fifteen shillings for thirteen weeks’ lessons, two lessons a week.
Best, said the architect, take off one good-sized shop, rather than halve the premises.
But an obstruction to other, purple and carmine blossoms which were in bud on the stem.
And invariably, when they wilted, she touched them with a sudden gentle touch, pitying.
And father and daughter alike calmly expected Woodhouse demand to rise to their supply.
The days, the months darkened past, and Alvina returned to her old thinness and pallor.
Why should anybody expect to be _made happy_, and develop heart-disease if she isn’t?
In the months that followed her mother’s death, Alvina went on the same, in abeyance.
And continually the young woman exhorted the elder to work less, to give up her pupils.
If there was, heaven knows what it might have been, for their talk was ordinary enough.
To one of her gossips Miss Pinnegar confessed:  “I thought she’d have felt it more.
But Alfred Swayn, from the Liquor Vaults, would put him in the running in five minutes.
James took on his refined, abstracted look, as if he were preoccupied on higher planes.
Good-night! She gave him her hand and turned quickly into the shop, closing the door.
“Would you mind holding the steps, so that they don’t let me down again, he said.
“You seem somewhat quiet at Lumley, he said, in his odd, refined-showman’s voice.
“I should think you’ll never turn Alvina out on such a night, said Miss Pinnegar.
“You know I have been a nurse.  “Ah, you are too kind, too kind, dear young lady.
Queer, dainty woman, was Madame, even to her wonderful threaded black-and-gold garters.
You are not bad looking, only a little too thin—too haggard—  She watched Alvina.
“Younger than you, because I am practical from the heart, and not only from the head.
Then she closed the door behind her, and stood with her back to it, facing the Italian.
In the back yard the bicycles were out, glittering and muddy according to their owners.
“We shall have to convert into all pictures, he said in a nervous fever to Mr. May.
In her soul she was sceptical of their keeping their promise—either Madame or Ciccio.
They made him drink brandy, the boy was sent for the doctor, Alvina’s bed was warmed.
She doubled herself up in a paroxysm on her knees on the floor—because she loved him.
Sometimes he looked at her, as Madame talked, and again looked at her, and looked away.
Her eyes had a bright, slightly-bewildered look as she turned from one face to another.
“Has the bird flown home? chanted Kishwégin, to one of the strains of their music.
As she was doing her hair, she heard the plaintive nasal sound of Ciccio’s mandoline.
And now there is not much time.  “I am going to Woodhouse, said Ciccio in French.
Geoffrey and Ciccio talked to each other in French, and kept each other in countenance.
And now—  He went into certain technical matters, and Alvina signed some documents.
And when have we got to get out?  “Oh, I don’t think there’s a desperate hurry.
And yet she could not bring herself to speak of it to Madame till the Saturday evening.
So that it was tiring work, which left her no time to herself, except just in snatches.
But if he is gnawed with anxiety lest he may _not_ be a gentleman, he is only pitiable.
She smiled when she saw him at a sale, buying the grandest pieces of antique furniture.
“I’ll wonder about you till I’ve made up my mind—shall I?  “Yes, he said.
“Now I know you love me. The pleased self-satisfaction in his voice made her angry.
“You may congratulate Nurse Houghton and me on our engagement— He smiled largely.
It was one of the well-known Neapolitan songs, and Ciccio sang it as it should be sung.
Effie insisted on my coming to see you.  There was Ciccio climbing down with the bag.
Before, he had seemed to make himself invisible in the streets, in England, altogether.
And so the big, heavy train drew out, leaving the others small and dim on the platform.
And then the train set off again in the night for Alessandria and Genoa, Pisa and Rome.
Everywhere the hard-faced women came and stared into Alvina’s face, asking questions.
Pancrazio went first with the candle—then Ciccio with the black kettle—then Alvina.
She had gone beyond the world into the pre-world, she had reopened on the old eternity.
And even she, English housewife as she was, realized the futility of trying to wash it.
Alvina began to feel she would die, in the awful comfortless meaninglessness of it all.
When she was well enough they set off one early Monday morning to the market in Ossona.
Snow had fallen—not much round the house, but deep between the banks as they climbed.
On the platform of the high-way, above the valley, people were parading in the hot sun.
Could Alvina bear to be so far off, when such terrible events were happening near home?
The dandy young models had left England because of the war, expecting Italy to come in.
It is a commonplace that classical literary critics paid little attention to the lyric.
For instance, a statement of the case is given first, and then the proof is marshalled.
In the dramatic manner he says that the characters are made to live and move before us.
The treatise makes this point exceedingly clear by two quotations which bear repeating.
They differ typically in movement or composition; they have a common ground in diction.
If Lydgate thought poetry to include anything more than this style, he does not say so.
After visiting Grammar and Logic in their rooms, he goes upstairs to see Dame Rhetoric.
His wooing is plain home spun   stuff; there's no outlandish thread in it, no rhetoric.
It had inspired the _De Poeta_ (1559) of Minturno and the _Poetics_ (1561) of Scaliger.
_Poetry_ and _Picture_ are Arts of a like nature, and both are busie   about imitation.
Sidney, the poet, courtier, and soldier, wrote not from the musty alcoves of libraries.
Prose is the proper vehicle of moral doctrine and should have been employed by Spenser.
Thieving is not one of their faults, but they take much latitude in helping themselves.
After Antonomoff, in 1834, Herr Abich, the geologist, made his valuable ascent in 1845.
Willow branches, two inches thick, very dry and brittle, were the best we could obtain.
Now and then their jokes at our expense would produce hilarious laughter among the men.
Those we had already hired they now snatched from the donkeys standing before the tent.
We therefore determined to stop here for the night, and to continue the ascent at dawn.
The large snow-bed down which we had been sliding now began to show signs of treachery.
Nowhere have we drunk better tea than around the steaming samovar of our Tashkend host.
Its poverty of words reduces its grammar almost to a question of syntax and intonation.
With better water and more substantial food we began, from this time on, to recuperate.
In fact, a performance was just then in progress at the open-air theater close at hand.
One coffin we met which rested upon poles supported on the shoulders of thirty-two men.
A WORD FROM PROJECT GUTENBERG   This file should be named 311110.txt or 311110.zip.
There’s something of disorder in his Soul, Which I’m on fire to know the meaning of.
Have you not Charms sufficient at first sight To wound a Heart tender and young as mine?
Pray hear me out; and if you love me after, Perhaps you may not think your self unhappy.
Let your good Wishes for your Friend alone, Lest he being happy, you shou’d be undone.
That, Sir, you’ll never hear me say to any thing but a Husband, if I must say it then.
My Uncle’s Pow’r, the Nearness of our Blood, The Contradiction of our Circumstances.
This made me haste, lest e’er I came His Rage had done the Business which it went for.
A Zeal, who for Convenience can dispense With Plays provided there’s no Wit nor Sense.
I heard the civil Message the Governor sent, and the uncivil Answer you return’d back.
Yes, and thank thee for the best moment of my Life--Hast thou contrived the Voyage then?
Come--fall to, old Boy,--thou art not merry; what, have we none that can give us a Song?
I offer’d much, lov’d much, but all in vain; Husband and Honour still was the reply.
Guilty, guilty, I confess,--but ‘twas to the Great _Turk_, Mistress, not Don _Carlos_.
Well, Gentlemen, I am something a better fortune than you believe me, by some thousands.
Chatterley acted Don Gasper; Miss Greville (from the Pantheon theatre), Donna Seraphina.
Is this likely, is this reasonable to be believ’d by any body, but the wilfully blind?
_Enter Sir_ Feeble, _Sir_ Cautious, Bearjest, Noisey, Leticia     _sad_, Diana, Phillis.
A wise discreet Lady, I’ll warrant her; my Lady would prodigally have took it off all.
Sir, I beg your pardon for not waiting on you to Church-- I knew you wou’d be private.
Because it suits my Fortune and my Humour; And even thy Presence wou’d afflict me now.
And shall his Majesty’s Service and his Safety lie unregarded for a slight Woman, Sir?
Take your own methods, Sir--they are at leisure--while we go drink their Healths within.
--Sir, I wish I had any thing but ready Money to stake: three hundred Pound--a fine Sum!
Fly--be gone--depart, vanish for ever from her to some more safe and innocent Apartment.
He, by Love, he was the kind Procurer, Contriv’d the means, and brought me to thy Bed.
If he cou’d be so barbarous to expose me, Cou’d you who lov’d me--be so cruel too?
You did so, Sir, but ‘tis not past Redress--you may make that honest Gentleman amends.
| In doleful Hymns for dying Felons fit, Why do you tax their Eyes, and blame their Wit?
The deed, however, is discovered and noised abroad by Falatius, a busy coxcomb courtier.
If the vain Sex this privilege should boast, Past cure of a declining Face we’re lost.
Can you speak yet, or do you tell your tale With Eyes and Sighs, as you were wont to do?
Erminia_, thou art young, and canst not see The advantage of the Fortune offer’d thee.
Or would you not to serve your Prince’s life, Permit your Daughter to become his Wife?
With hopes already that are vain as Air, You’ve kept me from Revenge, but not Despair.
Nor so ill, since they be such as render us No less acceptable to your fair Eyes, Madam!
_Enter to them_ Alcander, _who seeing them would     turn back, but_ Olinda _stays him_.
Have you already learnt that trick at Court, Both how to practise and secure your sport?
--If such religious thoughts about you dwell, Why is it that you thus perplex your self?
_Erminia_ too you say has broke her Vows, She that will swear and lye, will do the rest.
Madam, it is unjustly then, for Fools Should rather move the Spleen to Mirth than Anger.
Why do I shake--it is _Erminia’s_ form-- And can that Beauty ought that’s ill adorn?
--Inform us, lovely Spirit, what thou art, A God--or Devil; if either, thou art welcome.
‘Twas like thy self, generous and kind, my Dear, Thou mightst have come too late else.
We’ll walk a while, and you shall tell me all, And then I would advise you what to do.
_But overturning_--Frible _crys--Adznigs, The jogling Rogue has murder’d all his Kids.
So he is, as well as a Night-adventuring Lover can be,--he has got but one Wound, Madam.
Why, a hundred dear soft things of Love, kiss it as often, and bless me for my Goodness.
I’m glad on’t, ‘tis a good Wench, and we’ll trust her with our Mirth and Secret.
I must confess, the Workmanship is excellent;--but still I do insist I heard the Musick.
haste to the old Gallery, whence, with the help of your Telescope, you may discover all.
It may here be noted that the 1671 quarto swarms with errors and typographical mistakes.
Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
I reckon I knew that without your tellin’ me.  “I came here last New Year’s Day.
I thought I’d do any little jobs that came along till I got one.  “That’s right.
“I am Mr. Bruce’s heir, and it is right that I should pay.  “Very well, Chester.
very good! said his companion, “but I don’t see anything very remarkable about it.
There was no bed in the room, but through an open door Chester saw a connecting bedroom.
It was handsomely decorated, and seemed to Chester quite the finest room he was ever in.
Some beggarly artist interceded for him.  “It is too bad I can’t be in the office.
“If you will excuse me, I will go on preparing my husband’s supper.  “Certainly.
When I was a young man I thought I would practice singing a little in my room one night.
Dick Ralston and the bookkeeper stared at their Western friend in undisguised amazement.
Will write.  A few hours later Chester received the following message at his lodgings.
“Perhaps he may drink a glass of wine or beer occasionally.  “I don’t mean that.
Mr. Tripp was obliged to confess that he never had a more satisfactory boy than Chester.
“Who is interested in Tacoma?  “I own five lots of land there, answered Chester.
They must have made a mistake at the bank.  “Send the boy back.  “It won’t do.
It’s—it’s very awkward.  “You must do something, said Dick Ralston, harshly.
He came home ragged and hungry.  “I am not afraid Chester will have that experience.
He had saved up some money when at work in New York.  “It won’t last long, widder.
His nephew, Arthur Burks, is now in college, and he and Chester remain intimate friends.
Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
For James Houghton was a dreamer, and something of a poet: commercial, be it understood.
Wonderful that he did not think of the days when these bits and bobs were new treasures.
Knowing nothing, yet her ancient sapience went deep, deeper than Woodhouse could fathom.
“But what do you want, dear? asked Miss Frost, knitting her dark brows in agitation.
At this calculation she would make an easy three hundred a year, without slaving either.
But she was deep, and there was some secret satisfaction in her very quality of secrecy.
Just sixty-three pounds in the bank—no more: then the clothes, piano, books and music.
She was a woman of thirty-five, a bit of a shrew, with social ambitions and no children.
Why, then you can’t be a prostitute, if you try your head off: nor even a loose woman.
“Take it while you’ve got it.  Now Alvina did not want to learn to ride a bicycle.
She put her fingers over the bone, over his stocking, to feel if there was any fracture.
He stared flatly in front of him, and flatly set a wall of oblivion between him and her.
Ach, schon dreissig           Ach, schon dreissig Immer Mädchen, Mädchen heiss’ ich.
James was very shabby, in his black coat and dark grey trousers, and his cheap grey cap.
Aren’t we _fortunate_! cried Mr. May, perking up the moment they were in the street.
Or I can act just as your manager—you can _employ_ me—  He watched James’s face.
Poor Mr. May had to gather together his wits and his sprightliness for his next meeting.
But poor Miss Pinnegar after this looked older, and seemed to get a little round-backed.
Mr. Houghton said, hurriedly interposing, that he meant to make a little opening speech.
“Well, said Mr. May, “done well?  “Fairly well, said James, huskily excited.
He was not very large, but nicely shaped, and with no hair on his smooth, tattooed body.
Open the door for her, Ciccio—  Ciccio reached across at the door, but was too late.
Only Ciccio kept the thin smile on his lips, and added to Madame’s annoyance and pain.
Alvina noticed the brown, slender Mediterranean hand, as he put his fingers to his lips.
Looking along the road they saw all the shopkeepers at their doors, the pavements eager.
So they advanced down the grey pallor of Knarborough Road, in the late wintry afternoon.
Madame darted a look at her, her lips curling with a very faint, fine smile of derision.
You would like a little whiskey?—yes?  Max poured out whiskey and water for Mr. May.
Geoffrey waited a moment for a tram which was rushing brilliantly up to him in the rain.
And suddenly she kissed his hand, kissed it twice, quickly, on the fingers and the back.
“Do you like continually going away? she said, her wide blue eyes fixed on his face.
“I shall have to look for something else, said the injured but dauntless little man.
“Why?  “I don’t believe in the place, and I never did, declared Miss Pinnegar.
Which of them it was, or what it was that had cast the spell over her, she did not know.
Mr. May found James Houghton fainting in the box-office after the performance had begun.
As if he was anything to _them_—  “I think it’s very nice of her, said Alvina.
And if he beats you, you are helpless—  “But why should he beat me? said Alvina.
Alvina rose to wipe the dishes, hastily, because the funeral guests would all be coming.
During the days following the funeral, no one could have been more tiresome than Alvina.
She would _not_ have her mind made up for her, and she would not make it up for herself.
Geoffrey inclined his head, and Ciccio lowered his eyelashes in indication of agreement.
“You know, my dear, she said afterward to Alvina, “I understand sympathy in music.
I catched sight on ’im goin’ out, but I didna ma’e out then which on ’em it wor.
Will you really go alone?  “Yes, I want to go to the women’s shops, said Alvina.
“No hurry, said Ciccio, and he took away her parcels from her, as if he had a right.
She very nearly said—“I may stay in Woodhouse altogether. But she held her tongue.
You would!  He turned his eyes aside, and looked at her hands as she washed the forks.
“Well, he said, with a little nod, and a furtive look of triumph about him, evasive.
“Because, said Alvina gaily, “we can please ourselves what we do, whatever we say.
“Hello, Tommy! called Mrs. Tuke to her husband, whom she saw on the drive below her.
For three days it was all so sweet and lovely—perfect liberty, pure, almost paradisal.
Strange lights appeared in the sky, everybody seemed to be listening for strange noises.
Ciccio expostulated back again, and they pecked at each other, verbally, like two birds.
The natives kept themselves alive by going about constantly working, dumb and elemental.
The same helpless passion for the man, the same remoteness from the world’s actuality?
“It’s because you are a foreigner, and they think you will go away again, he said.
Well, he kept me tied up, hanging you know forwards naked on this cross, for four hours.
The lovely translucent pale irises, tiny and morning-blue, they lasted only a few hours.
“Yes, we shall all have to go. There seemed a certain sound of triumph in his voice.
The two men sat on the settle, with the lamp between them, reading and talking the news.
Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
In the practice of rhetoric _inventio_ was thus the solidest and most important element.
Illustrative details might be omitted, but not important sections of the subject matter.
Thus although Agricola admits that rhetoric is most beautiful, he will have none of her.
The first edition of the _De oratore_ was printed in the monastery of Subaco about 1466.
Throughout this period in England there was no abstract theorizing on the art of poetry.
The passage is short, but contains two very important points in the creed of classicism.
In the first sense it is but a _Character_ of stile, and   belongeth to Arts of speeche.
A graphic artist making a picture of this appearance is only an imitator of appearances.
Niceratus, in the _Symposium_, is telling the diners of what knowledge he is most proud.
Under the Empire the declamation schools in Rome had a profound influence on literature.
As a Protestant he explains St. Christopher and St. George in like manner allegorically.
Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
In area, Asia Minor equals France, but the water-supply of its rivers is only one third.
They challenged us to a race, and set a spanking pace down into the streets of the town.
Our surroundings could not be relieved by a fire for fear of attracting their attention.
The following morning we paid the mutessarif a second visit, with Kantsa as interpreter.
Long shall we remember Ignaz Raffl as one of the pluckiest, most persevering of old men.
Now a cloud, as warm as exhausted steam, enveloped us in the midst of this ice and snow.
The great doors swung open, and a crowd of expectant faces received us in the Holy City.
Unlike the Chinese, the Russians consider sugar a necessary concomitant of tea-drinking.
Even in the Kuldja post-office a heavily armed picket stands guard over the money-chest.
Twenty soldiers had been stationed at the palace gate to keep back the mob with cudgels.
The steeped tea-flowers, which the higher classes use, are really more tasty without it.
They everywhere overcame the antipathy for the foreigner, and made us cordially welcome.
Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
Thus, we do not necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
Read here the worst of News that can arrive,                              [_Gives_ Bellm.
--What else, my lovely Maid, can give a freedom To that same talking, idle, knighted Fop?
Who you’ve married;--By all that’s sacred, if that be true, thou art undone for ever.
Enough, enough at this time, let’s see the Bride to bed, the Bridegroom thinks it long.
--But, Madam, I’m impatient for your Story, That after that, you may expect my Service.
Oh, that I should be so deceiv’d in Mankind, he whom I thought all Virtue and Sobriety!
Mr. _Trusty_, here’s a Gentleman would speak with you, he says his Name’s Mr. _Sham_.
Oh, I believe thee: prithee tell on, young Man, That I may die without the aid of Wounds.
By Heav’n, I never cou’d do one, or other; All that I am is the divine _Celinda’s_.
Oh, dress your Face and Eyes in gentler Looks, If you wou’d have us hope for any Mercy.
what Father of _Belzebub_ sent him hither?--a plain case;--I’ll murder her out of hand.
I’m sorry I cannot do’t, Sir, we are something incommoded being not at our own house.
alas, no, dread Sir; what shou’d such a deform’d Polecat as I do with a handsom Wife?
You shall be call’d the beautiful _Sultana_, And rule in my Seraglio drest with Jewels.
Widows take heed some of you in fresh Youth Have been the unpitied Martyrs of this Youth.
A Woman’s Passion is like the Tide, it stays for no man when the hour is come--  _Gay_.
Hah, knocking so late at our Gate--                                    [_Opens the door_.
indeed you frighted me with your Silence--here, take these Jewels, and let us haste away.
_Let_.--What shall I do?--assist me, gentle Maid, Thy Eyes methinks put on a little hope.
it is the same I saw last night--Oh!--hold thy dread Vengeance--pity me, and hear me--Oh!
Unjustly of the Innocent you complain, ’.is Bulkers give, and Tubs must cure your pain.
Though by his fondness led he were content To marry thee, the King would ne’er consent.
_Erminia_, sweet _Erminia_, thou art lost, And he yet lives that does the conquest boast.
Will nothing but a Prince your pleasure fit, And could you think that I would wink at it?
Stark mad, by _Jove_--yet it may be not, for _Alcander_ has   many unaccountable humours.
I dare declare that I can hear no more; Be witness, Heaven, how justly I’m compell’d.
By your submission, whatsoe’er he seem, In time you’ll make the greater Slave of him.
That’s well; I must be gone--Bar up the Doors, and upon Life or Death let no man enter.
Those, Madam, who are to assist us in carrying on a greater Intrigue, the gaining of you.
You understand me--and so adieu, sweet Glisterpipe, and Seignior Dirty-Boots, Ha, ha, ha.
Just, just, as ‘tis here.--But pray, Sir, how do these Great men live with their Wives?
4 to 1687 ‘Matres chear.’ 4to 1688 ’.arrois charé.’  p,400, l. 27 _tout autour_.
to have ceded his wife Marcia to Q. Hortensius, and at the death of Hortensius in 50 B.C.
III, by Aphra Behn  *** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE WORKS OF APHRA BEHN, VOL.
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
He is the storekeeper.  The young man laughed, but there was no merriment in the laugh.
Do you think we can give him a bed?  “Why, certainly, replied Mrs. Rand, cordially.
He felt that he had the key to the mystery, but he chose to defer throwing light upon it.
She is a spinster, and at her age there is not much chance of her changing her condition.
Shall I carry your valise?  “Oh, no; I am older than you and better able to carry it.
“Perhaps he can interpret it.  For twenty minutes Chester retained Ernest on his lap.
Of course, the presumption was that Mullins was also a gambler, but this was not certain.
It isn’t very satisfactory to pinch and scrape for five months just to get out of debt.
However, I am glad to have made the acquaintance of this young man, indicating Chester.
I don’t know anyone in the city, and I shall be glad to have your company this evening.
“_The Phoenix_ will have no existence till next week, answered the other, pleasantly.
This set him to considering that he must have a better room if he was to do work at home.
“I left all to the discretion of my friend Sharpleigh, who has justified my confidence.
At the end of that time Miss Dolby promises to     come back and resume boarding with me.
I     shall feel delighted to see my friends in Wyncombe, and most of     all, my mother.
This is truly surprising.  “I didn’t earn it by my art, replied Chester, smiling.
“Won’t I get somethin’ for tryin’ to save the kid’s life?  “As like as not.
I thought I should never see you again.  “I have not died that I am aware of, mother.
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
Before all this, however, before his marriage, James Houghton had built Manchester House.
But Miss Frost never felt so strongly moved to impatience as when she was within hearing.
She had pale grey eyes, and a padding step, and a soft voice, and almost purplish cheeks.
The new grocer whistled “Just Like the Ivy, and shouted boisterously to his shop-boy.
Within six months he realized that every inch of elastic cost him exactly sixty per cent.
This was hosiery webbing, which could be cut up and made into as-yet-unheard-of garments.
Shabby old coal-carts rambled up behind the New Connection, and filled from the pit-bank.
Time passed like an express train—and she seemed to have known no other life than this.
Alvina was supposed to receive a certain fee for these cases she attended in their homes.
A small proportion of her fee she kept for herself, the rest she handed over to the Home.
These young men had the good nature of dogs that wag their tails and expect to be patted.
Is the only aim and end of a man’s life, to make some woman, or parcel of women, happy?
The be-all and end-all of life doesn’t lie in feminine happiness—or in any happiness.
Yet each would have died for the other, would have done anything to spare the other hurt.
Everything was quite tidy in the short gang-ways down below, timbered and in sound order.
They’ll be awfully expensive.  “Will they? said Alvina, making big, mocking eyes.
I should do all I could to prevent him, if I were you.  Miss Allsop took her departure.
Lottie was determined he should take back to the Cape a suitable wife: presumably Alvina.
Well now, what could be more suitable—a young man at Oxford, a young lady in Woodhouse.
“Thanks.  “Go on, he said, pressing a little nearer to her, and offering his arm.
Mother was so ill at the time—  “There’s always something to consider, he said.
Then she dressed herself in her black dress once more, did her hair, and went downstairs.
And then he said, tentatively:  “Hadn’t we better think about the financial part now?
It’s quite simple.  “But what are we going to do with a cinema show? said Alvina.
James tripped silently alongside, bowed under the weight of his Gladstone bag of pennies.
I don’t think I could bear it.  “And our pictures aren’t good enough, she said.
Most of them had an abstracted manner; in ordinary life, they seemed left aside, somehow.
The table also was covered with a brightly-patterned American oil-cloth, shiny but clean.
Ciccio meanwhile muttered something in French—evidently something rude—meant for Max.
It was curious how light his fingers were in their clasp—almost like a child’s touch.
As they worked, Alvina tried in vain to dissociate the two _braves_ from their war-paint.
Alvina happened to come into their sitting-room in the midst of their bursts of laughter.
“Ha-er-er! he heard the answering shout, unmistakably Italian, way down the darkness.
At the corner of the street they waited for Geoffrey, who rode up muddily on his bicycle.
She stood watching him with wide, bright blue eyes, smiling slightly, and saying nothing.
In the same way he might have watched a serpent, had he found one gliding in the theatre.
“Tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu! went Miss Pinnegar’s tongue, in a rapid tut-tut of distress.
She was relieved by the intermission of fate, she was thankful for the day of neutrality.
And if he has you, it will cost him much more, he cannot continue with Natcha-Kee-Tawara.
Her coat did not seem warm enough, her old black seal-skin furs were not much protection.
When you have a little more flesh—then— Madame made a slight click with her tongue.
Ciccio sat on Alvina’s right, but he seemed to avoid looking at her or speaking to her.
And thus they watched the Sunday morning landscape slip by, as they ran into Knarborough.
Then he glanced up the stairs and along the corridor again, and downstairs into the hall.
Alvina flirted with the two men, played the piano to them, and suggested a game of cards.
You know what love is— And he put his arms round her, and laughed down into her face.
Alvina had known him since she was a child: but rather as an official than an individual.
“I will do my best, he said, “to get what I can for you.  “Oh well! she said.
Yet instead of going home she turned off down the alley towards the fields and the brook.
“And there are your rings, and your chain, and your locket—see—all—everything—!
Only, with a fleeting thought, Alvina wondered if it would affect the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras.
It was not till Alvina sat before her mirror that he opened her door softly, and entered.
He put a white muffler round himself, Alvina hugged herself in her beaver scarf and muff.
How wonderful the Alps were!—what a bigness, an unbreakable power was in the mountains!
Fog, eh! The fat man whisked his fingers in the air, to indicate fog in the atmosphere.
“Warm yourself, said the young woman, pointing to the flat disc of fire on the floor.
Ciccio, Alvina, Giovanni and the ass waited in the frosty starlight under the wild house.
She had most ostentatiously chased out an obtrusive hen, from this temple of cleanliness.
They left the house by starlight, but dawn was coming by the time they reached the river.
It was curious how little he went to Pescocalascio, how little he mixed with the natives.
When she went to Ossona with him, she knew everybody questioned him about her and Ciccio.
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
The debt is to be paid out of the residue, reserving the service due to his feudal lords.
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
Rhetorical Elements in Italian Renaissance Conceptions of the Purpose      of Poetry   1.
Plato had attacked poetry as unreal, a thrice-removed imitation of the only true reality.
He says, in effect, Here are some practical suggestions which I have found of assistance.
A writer, he says, should select his words and images according to the persons addressed.
Eloqution is the first part of Rhetorike, concerning the ordering and trimming of speech.
It may even be one reason for Bacon's classification of lyric poetry as part of rhetoric.
It would seem that the section on style in oratory was meant to serve for poetry as well.
In theory a poem or a speech might indifferently be composed either in prose or in verse.
The story of Io's seduction by the bull shows that beauty may overcome the best of women.
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
Cleanliness is, with the Turk, perhaps, more than ourselves, the next thing to godliness.
When washing clothes by the stream, they frequently show a gold ring encircling an ankle.
The women seemed to be doing all the work, while their lords sat round on their haunches.
To have remained where we were would have been jeopardizing our health, if not our lives.
An hour later we had surmounted the Kazlee Gool, and the “land of Iran was before us.
These trees grow here with remarkable luxuriance, from a mere twig stuck into the ground.
In this way we were often enabled to surprise a herd of gazelles grazing by the roadside.
Thanks to its happy position, it has always rapidly recovered after every fresh disaster.
Against the wall were placed a full-length mirror, several brackets, and some fancy work.
He then walked slowly out of the room with us, and across the courtyard to the main exit.
Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
So say I--But my Comfort is, I shall be as weary of her, as the best Husband of ‘em all.
The Rogue is married, and I am so pleas’d, I can forgive him our last Night’s Quarrel.
Or she was angry--call’d me perjur’d Villain, False, and forsworn--nay, tell me truth.
For the first you may thank your Youth, for the next your Father, and the last your Money.
O thou’st undone me then; hast thou found out A Maid more fair, more worthy of thy Love?
I knew my Beauty had a thousand Darts, But knew not they cou’d strike so quick and home.
I’ll live and let my Tyrant Uncle see The sad effects of Perjury, and forc’d Marriage.
And ‘tis with Reason thou deny’st an Entrance To one so much unworthy to approach her.
Were I not here to die--here at her Feet, I wou’d not stand the Shock of her Reproaches.
--Methinks I feel a Joy spread o’er my Heart, The blessed Omen of approaching Happiness.
The Joy I have, Sir, to be undeceived, Is much the greatest Blessing Heav’n can send me.
No, nor Impudence neither; how should a man live in this wicked world without that Talent?
All that the kindest Mistress can bestow, If _Carlos_ loves, and still will keep his Vows.
_Julia_, my Life, my Soul, what happy Stars Conspir’d to give me this dear lucky minute?
I cannot think, my Lord, so mean a Beauty can so suddenly charm a Heart so great as yours.
He is a delicate fine Person, _Jacinta_; but, methinks he does not make Love enough to me.
here, take this Jewel,--in earnest of greater Favours--              [_Gives him a Jewel_.
So will not I one; a Pox of her Virtue,--these Women are always virtuous in a wrong place.
disguis’d, and    passes for Sir _Feeble’s_ Nephew,                    Mr. _Kynaston_.
See--these are right as the Blushes on thy Cheeks, and these as true as my Heart, my Girl.
‘Tis very well, Sir--your Servant--                                     [_Exit_ Footman.
_Well--be she young or old, Woman or Devil,   She pays, and I’ll endeavour to be civil_.
Who dares but to imagine it’s a Rascal, A Slave, below a beating--what means my _Julia_?
Ay, poor Fellow--he’s sometimes up, and sometimes down, as the Dice favour him--  _Bea_.
And my Lady’s Coach there--                                  [Bearjest _goes to_ Gayman.
_Father, farewell--if you dislike my course,   Blame the old rigid Customs of your Force_.
I see my Folly--and my Age’s Dotage--and find the Devil was in me--yet spare my Age--ah!
What, because I cannot simper, look demure, and justify my Honour, when none questions it?
But I’ll not change my Freedom and my Humour, To purchase the dull Fame of being honest.
They’ll join the force of Wit to Beauty now, And so maintain the Right they have in you.
Time will convince her of that foolish error, Of thinking a brisk young Husband a torment.
_Falatius_, welcome from the Wars; I’m glad to see y’ave scap’d the dangers of them.
The Princess, Sir, questions my Power, and says, I cannot gain so much upon your Goodness.
Recal that Folly, or by all that’s good, I’ll free the Soul that wantons in thy Blood.
Preserve thy Soul, if thou hast any sense Of future Joys, after this vile damn’d Action.
If murder’d Innocence do cry for Justice, Can you, great Sir, make a defence against it?
I cannot sleep, my Soul is so unfurnish’d Of all that Sweetness which allow’d it rest.
Nay, do not leave me yet, for still your Scorn Much better than your Absence may be borne.
I think with all the Tenderness I’m guilty of, I hardly shall be brought to pardon thee.
For you are much the guiltier of the two, And need’st a greater interest to persuade me.
Here take me, _Alcander_; Whilst to Inconstancy I bid adieu, I find variety enough in you.
Thou Dog, I felt him too; but since the Rascal ‘scaped me, I’ll be reveng’d on thee.
I humbly thank your Admonition, Sir, and shall, in all I can, struggle with human Frailty.
Who found as Men--’twas impossible to enjoy ‘em, And therefore try’d this Stratagem.
In this speech and also p. 311, l. 1 I have followed the metrical arrangement of the 4tos.
A striking example would be the Song of the Spirits in Dryden’s _Tyrannic Love_, Act iv.
Tripp.  “Well, that’s my name, said Silas, looking over his iron-bowed spectacles.
A rich lady of my acquaintance sends me a hundred dollars every year to bestow in charity.
Silas eyed him sharply, and was rather surprised to find him cheerful and in good spirits.
on the purchase money.  “Well, I’d have to pay taxes and repairs, explained Tripp.
You ain’t workin’, yet you seem to have money.  “How do you know I have?  “Mr.
“Your money holds out well, Chester, he said, as he made change for a two-dollar bill.
“What are you looking at so intently, my son? asked the gentleman who sat at his side.
“Yes.  “Is he at home?  “No, but I am expecting him home from work every minute.
Now, he added, with a comical look, “I can’t induce my uncle to have a bout with me.
This gambler—Dick Ralston, as he was familiarly called—was only a recent acquaintance.
She is not mean, and is willing to pay a fair, even a liberal, price, where she is suited.
The days are slipping by, and you have done nothing.  “You know what I am waiting for.
Rogues may work together, but it is seldom that any tie of friendship exists between them.
Was Mr. Rand in the same office with you?  “No; Chester is an artist.  “An artist!
Chester remained in the service of _The Phoenix_, which had become an established success.
“DEAR SIR: We learn that you own five lots on Main Street, numbered     from 201 to 205.
When David Mullins saw Chester enter the office he turned pale, and looked panic-stricken.
Sitting in an armchair was his venerable friend of the train, appearing very much at home.
“He told me he saw you drowned in New York Bay.  Edward regarded Floyd with curiosity.
We cannot say why James Houghton failed to become the Liberty or the Snelgrove of his day.
Not a grain of human feeling in the man, said Miss Frost, flushing pink with exasperation.
So that after a while, one loft was reserved for disused and rusty, but expensive engines.
Like many short-sighted people, she had a certain intent look of one who goes her own way.
She and her mother were the phantom passengers in the ship of James Houghton’s fortunes.
She knew she was right—amply and beautifully right, her darling, her beloved Miss Frost.
But as he found himself continually foiled, he became sulky, like a bear with a sore head.
For his touch and his kiss had that nearness of a little boy’s, which nearly melted her.
Perhaps gnomes and subterranean workers, enslaved in the era of light, see with such eyes.
They could never remove the sense of waiting to finish: it was all just waiting to finish.
“Women’s faults mustn’t be owned up to.  Alvina was beginning to feel quite dazed.
She felt she didn’t know, she couldn’t feel, she was just scattered and decentralized.
Will you accept them, Miss Houghton? He stared at her with shining, pallid smiling eyes.
I don’t see that they’re necessary.  “Certainly I think Tommy is a weak character.
It _is_ near enough.  “Come down with you, did they? said Calladine good-humouredly.
If he had to clear out without paying his hotel bill—well, that was the world’s fault.
“You see at the moment, said Mr. May, “I have no funds that I can represent in cash.
That man!  James also came to the door, and peered out as if he expected to see a sight.
When she had sufficiently recovered, she went to her chair, and sat down before her plate.
“I have found an excellent manager, who knows the whole business thoroughly—a Mr. May.
He’s lost every bit of shame—every bit—if he ever had any—which I doubt very much.
Another day _still!_ But you’re strangely indifferent to time, in your line of business.
The Natcha-Kee-Tawara Troupe consisted of five persons, Madame Rochard and four young men.
If it’s very bad, I can make one of those plasters mother used.  And she ran upstairs.
If I am going to lie abandoned, I had better die at once.  “Lie abandoned! said Max.
Enter the _brave_ Louis with his white prisoner, Max, who has his hands bound to his side.
Miss Pinnegar and Alvina and James Houghton had come round into Knarborough Road to watch.
And yet you have a heart.  “But all Englishwomen have good hearts, protested Alvina.
I should have been _on_ the boards, instead of behind them.  “No doubt, said Madame.
Ciccio, the marasca, the bitter cherry, was standing on the edge of the crowd, looking on.
When she went down to the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras for breakfast she found them waiting for her.
So that Alvina, for all her wistfulness and subjectedness, was at last seriously offended.
If she inclined towards self-indulgence in any direction, it was in the direction of food.
“If they are not stolen, you have the Holy Saints alone to be thankful for keeping them.
Have a good time, both.  So Alvina sped on in the fast train to Knarborough with Ciccio.
“Father left all to me—and his debts as well, you see.  “Much debts?  “Oh yes!
“What is the name of it?  “Pescocalascio. He said the word subduedly, unwillingly.
Aren’t we all ready to do our best to contribute to Miss Houghton’s happiness in love?
At a quarter to seven Miss Pinnegar came down, and went into the scullery to make her tea.
“You’d like it better if there was money.  A slow, sinister smile came on his mouth.
And nothing very unpleasant either, for that matter.  He gave her a shrewd little smile.
In the midst of the insult she remained isolated upon herself, and she wished to be alone.
A week or two.  “And is the cinematograph to be sold the same?  “Yes—everything!
I felt that low.  The doctor marched out of the room, still holding the mug in his hand.
He really, by degrees, made up his mind to marry now, and to retire in part from his work.
“But don’t ask me too soon, will you?  “How, too soon—? He smiled delightedly.
She was really fussy and pleased with herself: and _quite_ decided she’d take it all on.
And this very fear, like a yoke on her, made her resent the man who drove her to decision.
I’m surprised at nothing they do—  “I must say, said Alvina, “I was surprised.
“I _shall_ see.  And it was true that Alvina’s will was indeterminate, at this time.
But not that she might be free to marry him, but that she might be at liberty to flee him.
A mandoline was wailing its vibration in the night outside, rapidly, delicately quivering.
And sure enough, came the fine tinkle of the mandoline, and after a few moments, the song.
The marriage was presumably with Dr. Mitchell—though she had given him no definite word.
She took the time-table that hung in the hall: the time-table, that magic carpet of today.
She shuddered when she touched him, because he was so beautiful, and she was so submitted.
She sat and watched the black station—then she heard the sound of the child’s trumpet.
Ciccio and Pancrazio clung to her, essentially, as if she saved them also from extinction.
One day she went along the high-road with her letters, towards the village of Casa Latina.
No sheriff, constable, coroners, or others of our bailiffs, shall hold pleas of our Crown.
No sheriff, constable, coroners, or others of our bailiffs, shall hold pleas of our Crown.
Rhetorical Elements in Later English Classicism    Part Second: The Purpose of Poetry   I.
Lydgate's rhetoric is thus a development of only one element of classical rhetoric--style.
Pronunciation (_pronuntiatio_), or delivery, of course applies to either poets or orators.
Adornation consisteth in the sweetness of the phrase, and is   seen in tropes and figures.
These affections are five: abuse,   duplication, continuation, superlocution, sublocution.
The mediaeval poets are on the defensive, as their brothers had been through all the past.
Moreover the premises of an enthymeme are likely to rest on opinion rather than on axioms.
They alone in England assert that the purpose of poetry is to move men to virtuous action.
Padelford under the title _Essays on the Study and Use of Poetry_ (New York, 1902), I. Cf.
Application had then been made to the Chinese minister himself for the necessary passport.
With the native Armenians, as with the Turks, fleshiness adds much to the price of a wife.
The atmosphere being dry, though not excessively hot, we soon began to suffer from thirst.
One instance of this national weakness was attended with considerable inconvenience to us.
One, two farsaks were placed behind us, and still there was no sign of a human habitation.
A noisy scuffle, and then a heavy fall ensued, but luckily we were both on the upper side.
Near the mountains is a wilderness of lakes, swamps, and streams, which run dry in summer.
Before retiring for the night, the dervish led the prayers, just as he had done at sunset.
We now had to telegraph to that point to re-forward over the Kiakhta post-route to Peking.
The real secret of their success seems to lie in the care they take to replenish the soil.
But over the beaten paths made by countless wheelbarrows we were now fast nearing the end.
No, Sir, I see my fatal Ruin in your Eyes, And know too well your Force, and my own Misery.
Why, Nephew _Charles_--has your Breeding at the Academy instructed your Heels in no Motion?
That has already damn’d it self, when it consented To break a Sacred Vow, and Marry here.
The Effects of low Submission, such as Slaves Condemn’d to die, yield to the angry Judge.
Fair bashful Boy, hast thou the Power to move, And yet not know the Bus’ness of thy Love?
Ay, Sir, Fools were made to repair the Breaches of us that have Wit enough to manage ‘em.
Well, Mr. _Trusty_, I have brought Sir _Timothy_ as I promis’d, he is at the Garden-door.
--Oh, what an Ague chills my shivering Limbs, Turns my hot Rage to softest Love, and Shame!
This ‘tis not to use to go to Church; for then I might have chanc’d to know the Parson.
No, Mischief will ensue, my Love’s too high, too nicely true to brook Affronts like that.
Pages of Honour always;--these were stinted at nurse, or they had been good proper Fellows.
Come, Ladies, set; Come, _Isabella_, you are melancholy,--Page --Fill my Lady a Beer-glass.
no; I know thy Virtue, and will no more be jealous, believe me, Chicken, I was an old Fool.
A most judicious Lady; would my _Julia_ had a little of her Modesty; but my Lady’s a Wit.
How, steal up, Sir _Feeble_--I hope not so; I hold it most indecent before the lawful hour.
Till the last pantings of my vital Blood, Nay, the last spark of Life and Fire be Love’s!
why, they are the very Schools that debauch our Wives, as Dancing-Schools do our Daughters.
A Mistake, a Mistake, proceed to the business, good Brother, for time you know is precious.
lend me your hand, good Brother; let’s feel your Pulse; how has this Night gone with you?
Though I had rather die than be obedient, Because I know you’ll hate me when ‘tis told.
A short Reprieve I had--and by a kind Mistake, _Diana_ only was my Bedfellow--    [_Weeps_.
Under favour, you’re an Ass, Brother; this is the discreetest way of doing it, I take it.
By Heaven, my last Night’s Vision--’Tis that inchanted Room, and yonder’s the Alcove!
Ay, my Dear, I’m coming--she’s in Bed--I’ll go put out the Candle, and then--  _Gay_.
I am content to be a Cuckold, Sir--but I wou’d have things done decently, d’ye mind me?
_The Warrior needs must to his Rival yield,   Who comes with blunted Weapons to the Field_.
The lady, however, loves the dauphin, whilst the princess Galatea is enamoured of Alcippus.
_How hast thou labour’d to subvert in vain, What one poor Smile of ours calls home again?
He tells you tales of Stratagems and Spies; Can they need Art that have such powerful Eyes?
Prithee, _Alcander_, now we talk of her, How go the Amours ‘twixt you and my wild Sister?
Thou never-to-be-reclaim’d Ass, shall I never Bring thee to apprehend as thou ought’st?
Nay, Sir, you promis’d me you wou’d not blame My early Love, if ‘twere a noble Flame.
Why was her Father call’d from banishment, And plac’d about the King, but for her sake?
Gods, you’re unjust to tyrannize o’er me, When thousands fitter for’t than I go free.
Yet now thou art no Maid, nor lov’st not me, And I the fool to let thee know my weakness.
I’m wounded, yet I will not leave him so; There may be Mischief in him, though unarm’d.
Heaven knows what provocations I receiv’d E’er I would draw a Sword on him you lov’d.
Give him your hand, _Aminta_, and conclude, ’.is time this haughty humour were subdu’d.
And Lorenzo rejoins:--      I have seen the like     In Paris, among the French tragedians.
What Ladies Heart’s so hard, but it would move, To hear_ Philander _and_ Irene’s _Love?
Yes, but her Quality being too mean, he struggles, though a King, ‘twixt Love and Honour.
_Enter_ Cinthio, _from the Closet, pulls_ Charmante     _out, they not knowing each other_.
Come, Sir, satisfy him who ‘twas was hid i’th’ Closet, when he came in and found you.
Take you no care for that, I’ll put it into my Bill of Charges, and be paid all together.
This very Night, by their great Art, they find, He will descend, and shew himself in Glory.
_unseen, puts up the back of his Calash, and whips off     his Frock, and goes to drive on.
And then the third Region, if the Faeces be volatile, the Birth will soon come _in Balneo_.
1724 has ‘Enter a Maid’, but gives speech prefix ‘Lyc.’, spelling Lysette, Lycette.
He had been appointed Master of the Revels in 1680, patentee of Drury Lane Theatre in 1682.
His name not infrequently occurs to the graceful lyrics with which he supplied the theatre.
The Countess of Winchilsea, _Miscellany Poems_ (1713), ‘Pri’thee shatter-headed Fop’.
Dryden’s Epilogue to _The Duke of Guise_ (1682):--      ‘Jack Ketch’, says I, ‘’.
But I don’t think either of us would exchange places with Silas Tripp with all his money.
I earn a comfortable living.  “I didn’t know one could get money for making pictures.
Now, let me see what you can do.  Chester leaned his head on his hand and began to think.
“I am machinist, too.  “His stories don’t seem to hang together, thought Chester.
Abel, I want you to go right over to the Widow Rand’s and tell Chester I want to see him.
The crowd dispersed, some following Constable Perkins, who took his prisoner to the lockup.
The fear is that, if you continue to live in     Wyncombe, you will exhaust your invention.
“Ten cents.  “Give me one.  Chester took the paper and handed the train boy a dime.
One of these was vacant, and Conrad took a seat on one side, placing the two boys opposite.
He wore a “loud, striped sack suit, and on one of his pudgy fingers was a diamond ring.
He walked up Broadway in a leisurely manner, feeling that his hasty return was not desired.
I will pay you your wages up to this evening, and you can look for another place.  “Mr.
I overheard him one day urging Mr. Mullins to give him money.  “That makes it probable.
How much did you get at the other place?  “Five.  “Then this is five times as good.
I suppose, under the circumstances, we must let you go; but why need you give up your work?
Mrs. Rand told me herself that he had left his work and gone out West in search of a place.
If you see him, tell him to come round and see me.  “And I can tell you some more news.
You know that half-acre lot that j’ins onto the widder’s land?  “The apple orchard?
The genuine Hall, abandoned by the “County, has been taken over as offices by the firm.
James eyed it for one moment, and then fled like a rabbit to the stove in his back regions.
Probably he would have come to Swedenborg, had not his clipt wings spread for a new flight.
Now many of her hearers disliked being secretly touched, as it were beneath their clothing.
Alvina missed him, missed the extreme excitement of him rather than the human being he was.
In Manchester House they were all horrified—not moved with grief, this time, but shocked.
Alvina remained bright and ready, the half-hilarious clang remained in her voice, taunting.
The air was filthy—and yet never had her colour been so warm and fresh, her skin so soft.
Certainly Alvina represented the young doctors as very nice, but rather fast young fellows.
As a matter of fact, Alvina was detached for the time being from her interest in young men.
I’ve sometimes thought it never would come off.  “Why?  “I don’t know, exactly.
Suddenly one evening he appeared at the back door with a bunch of white stocks in his hand.
“Father, said Alvina, “you know Mr. Witham, don’t you?  James Houghton half rose.
He did not think about what he was feeling, and he did not feel what he was thinking about.
Alvina had inherited Miss Frost’s task of attending to the Chapel flowers once a quarter.
The jacket and waistcoat were bound with silk braid of exactly the same shade as the cloth.
But she won’t do anything—and if I were you I wouldn’t ask her.  There was a pause.
Can’t we hire some young fellow—? And he turned to Mr. Houghton with a note of query.
I’m afraid it will tire Miss Houghton to death—  “I don’t think so, said James.
“Well! he said, shutting both his fists and flourishing them in Miss Pinnegar’s face.
He told her how many times he had had blood-poisoning, during the process of his tattooing.
He was a tall Swiss with almond eyes and a flattish face and a rather stiff, ramrod figure.
Mr. May was listening to Max, who was telling in German all about the White Prisoner scene.
“Absolutely nobody. She looked with a confused laugh into Madame’s strict black eyes.
“Are they! said Alvina confusedly, feeling a blush burning up her throat into her face.
He hasn’t done _that_, at least.  “Where do you imagine he’s gone? asked Mr. May.
Then she went to say good-bye to the young men, who were in various stages of their toilet.
She swayed herself to and fro in a paroxysm of unbearable sensation, because she loved him.
Can you live in England as the wife of a labouring man, a dirty Eyetalian, as they all say?
“Both, said Alvina, busying herself with the gravy, to hide her distress and confusion.
It sends life down—down—instead of lifting it up.  “Why should things always go up?
She did not pretend distress, but sat black-eyed and watchful, very much her business self.
And that night both slept in Miss Pinnegar’s bed, out of sheer terror of the empty house.
There was a faction against the chapel faction, which favoured the plan sketched out above.
She answered Madame’s post-card, but did not give much thought to the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras.
Now she began to loathe the excitement of her property: doubtfully hers, every stick of it.
“Yo’ can ’ing it i’ th’ back yard.  “I think it’ll dry here, said Alvina.
At the back of her thoughts, all she minded was that Ciccio did not pay her some attention.
She herself felt, in the same way, something of an outcast, because of the man at her side.
You know, they hate dogs, wolves do. He made a queer noise, to show how wolves hate dogs.
Open, yes, wide open— He spread his arms from his ample chest, at the end of the table.
She cleared away the supper and carried away all glasses and bottles from the drawing-room.
He’s going now.  Miss Pinnegar came downstairs again, and went through to the scullery.
“The lawyer has just told me father’s debts come to much more than everything is worth.
So I’ve got to get my own clothes and boots together, or they’ll be sold with the rest.
“I quite agree with the matron.  “Oh, you do! He did not quite know how to take it.
He fumbled feverishly in his pocket with one hand, holding her still fast by the other arm.
But her will, like a spring that is hitched somehow, did not fly direct against the doctor.
“There’s not _one bit_ of me concerned in having this child, she persisted to Alvina.
Tuke sent you these roses, said Alvina, putting the flowers through the bars of the gate.
She found Mrs. Tuke wildly clutching the edge of the sheets, and crying: “No, Tommy dear.
Other ships were at sea—destroyers and battleships, grey, low, and sinister on the water.
Ciccio fought in the mob while the porter whisked off Alvina to get seats in the big train.
And at last she was planted once more in a seat, with Ciccio’s place reserved beside her.
And at last, after an eternity, Ciccio came along the platform, the porter trotting behind.
Many people, Italians, largely, were camped waiting there, while bits of snow wavered down.
The ’bus wound on and on, and always towards that hollow sky-line between the high peaks.
A white road ran to the right, where a great open valley showed faintly beyond and beneath.
Three crones were sitting over a low brass brazier, in which charcoal and ashes smouldered.
And they rattled down the rough, broad road under the rocks, down and down in the darkness.
He was boiling food for the eternal pig—the only creature for which any cooking was done.
Black and greasy, she boiled potatoes and fried meat in lard, in a long-handled frying pan.
Horace   The remains of Roman literary criticism are not so philosophical as are the Greek.
_Dispositio_ is the art of arranging the material gathered for presentation to an audience.
Here and here only does Lydgate discuss any part of rhetoric in its classical implications.
The final section, that on memory, comes closer to its classical sense than does any other.
Like Gascoigne's _Notes_, it is rhetorical and concerned with only the externals of poetry.
These characters were epitomized in the Latin rhetorics and the school exercises continued.
He gives as his authorities Plato, Aristotle, Phalereus,[257] Cicero, Hermogenes, Longinus.
He distinguishes; some poetry is distinctly immoral and should be enjoyed only for its art.
also p. 230, on the figure _Merismus_ or the Distributor, and the remainder of the chapter.
Butcher's _Aristotle's Theory of Fine Art_, Chapter VI, for a full discussion of katharsis.
In contradistinction to the Yuraks the settled inhabitants of the country are called Turks.
They spread it on the floor, and hovered over it, while we pointed to the towns and cities.
Another native cavass, with a broadsword dragging at his side, usually brought up the rear.
At 8000 feet we struck our first snowdrift, into which the donkeys sank up to their bodies.
This, our friends unanimously declared, was a Muscovite trick to evade an absolute refusal.
All were sitting about on the _sakoo_, or raised platform, just finishing the evening meal.
Every building is covered with whitewash or white paint, and fronts directly on the street.
Through the Russians, these people have obtained high-flown ideas of America and Americans.
During his fast in America, a similar, though not voluntary, feat was being performed here.
This was only too willingly granted in anticipation of the coming _tomasha_, or exhibition.
But the value of these terms is reckoned in _chen_, and changes with almost every district.
When we returned from supper at a neighboring restaurant, we were treated to a novel scene.
But the drivers were too busy with their eyes to notice any little divergence of this kind.
The constant drinking of brackish water made one of us so ill that he could retain no food.
On the commanding heights across the river, we stopped to photograph the picturesque scene.
of the population is addicted to opium-smoking, while those who smoke it to excess are few.
With borrowed plumes we were able to accept invitations from foreign and Chinese officials.
The youngest, the viceroy’s favorite, was, it was said, the brightest and most promising.
But a Monster is only so from its Rarity, and a Cuckold is no such strange thing in our Age.
’.is in your Uncle’s Power to take your Fortune, If in your Choice you disobey his Will.
Ay, Sir, we have prov’d it, and will now swear it.--But we had an Inclination to try, Sir.
Sir, can you think a Blessing e’er can fall Upon that Pair, whom Interest joins, not Love?
Yes, Sir--You may be cruel--take the Law, And kill me quickly, ‘twill become your Justice.
Whate’er you are, by Fortune, I wish you would permit me to love you with all your Faults.
She’s fond of me, and I must blow that flame, Do any thing to make her hate my _Bellmour_.
--Here--stab me to the Heart--let out my Life, I cannot live, and hear what follow’d next.
Nay, now I’m ready for the welcome Sword, Since my _Celinda’s_ false, and cannot pardon.
And if the proud _Isabella_ bite not at so gay a bait, I’ll be bound to be married to her.
And I must write a Letter to _Julia_, to undeceive her Fears too, could I but get it to her.
Take away that little Fellow; in pity of your life, I deign to bid you withdraw and be safe.
if ever I change my Love, may I become deformed, and lose all hopes of Title or of Grandure.
_Enter some _Turks _with the body of _Francisco _in chains,     and lay him down on a Bank_.
I must confess, such Jewels, Rings and Presents as he made me, must needs decay his Fortune.
And no bold Spy dares view when Gods caress, Then I’ll conduct thee to the Banks of Bliss.
Worse, Sir, worse--      [_He opens the door, _Bellmour_ enters with the Watch in his hand_.
‘tis Sir _Cautious Fulbank’s_ Watch; what then, what a Pox dost trouble me with Watches?
With Eyes like a Beacon--and a Mouth,--Heaven bless us, like _London_ Bridge at a full Tide.
And thus undo my Charm--                             [_Takes away the Circle, they run out_.
--Cry fie, and out upon the naughty Women, Because they please themselves--and so wou’d I.
nay then, I was deceiv’d, and it was _Julia_ that last night gave me the dear Assignation.
That Penitence atones with him and Heaven.--Come forth, _Leticia_, and your injur’d Ghost.
You are so generous, Sir, that ‘tis almost with grief I receive the Blessing of _Leticia_.
_Long have we turn’d the point of our just Rage On the half Wits, and Criticks of the Age.
Love I have treated as a stranger Guest, Receiv’d him well, not lodg’d him in my Breast.
I lov’d, and never did like pleasure know, Which Passion did with time less vigorous grow.
How has he order’d his audacious flame, That I cou’d ne’er perceive it all this while.
At worst, I should an unkind Sister kill, Thou wouldst the sacred blood of Friendship spill.
Pray Heaven I do not think too well of thee: What means all this discourse, art thou honest?
--The first we may disturb, but she I fear Keeps watch with me to night, though not like me.
He is too great to fear, and needs them not: And him thou termest so, scorns the Office too.
Pardon me, Madam, if my Passion stray Beyond the limits of my high respect;    [_He kneels_.
Now, Love, defend thy Interest, or my Jealousy Will grow the mightier Devil of the two else.
In dear _Erminia’s_ Death too much is done; If you revenge that Death, ‘tis two for one.
Look where she comes again, credit thy Eyes, Which did persuade thee that they saw her dead.
_And when I lose my Gratitude to Heaven,   May they deprive me of the Joys they’ve given_.
--I lov’d her--I ador’d her, and could I, Could I approach her with unhallowed thoughts?
‘Tis a high proof to give you of my Duty, Yet that’s more ease to me than your Unbelief.
It will be remembered that Harlequin and Scaramouch are to be found in _The Rover_, Part II.
I cannot conceive thee, but the Design must be good, since _Cinthio_ and _Charmante_ own it.
But what if any one by my Father’s Order, or he himself should by some chance surprize us?
He said, that great _Iredonozor_, the Emperor of the Moon, was enamour’d on a fair Mortal.
--I say, Sir, I was exhal’d up, but in my way--being too heavy, was drop’d into the Sea.
As neither of these forms are found, the 4to seems an obvious misprint for ‘After Math’.
Lamb’s-Wool Ale is hot ale mixed with the pulp of roasted apples, sugared and well spiced.
Mr. Fairholt suggested that _justico_ may be a corruption of _juste au corps_.--Planché’.
Mrs. Behn’s allusion is to Act ii, II, where Crack, disguised as a tailor, visits Leonora.
He soon became an actor of considerable merit, and created Tattle in _Love for Love_ (1695).
Cibber, in his _Apology_ (1740), speaks of ‘_Boman_ the late Actor of venerable Memory’.
It must be confessed that Mrs. Behn has made an excellent use of this technical contrivance.
I, _The Rover_ (I), ii, I (p. 36) and note on that passage, p. 442.  p. 347 _in a dishabit_.
“If they expect me to pay the funeral expenses they’re mistaken, he added, positively.
I only wanted to do you a favor.  “We appreciate your kindness, said Mrs. Rand, dryly.
Is there any chance in that line here?  “Not in Wyncombe.  “That’s what I thought.
He engaged him without consulting me.  “What sort of a boy is he?  “A country gawky.
Or, rather, I will give you ten dollars as an advance for future work.  “Thank you, sir.
All at once, Chester, who had not expected to see anyone he knew, touched Arthur on the arm.
He thoroughly understands my business, and it would be difficult for me to supply his place.
I should like to see him.  The clerk rang a bell and another bell boy made his appearance.
“It’s disappeared.  “What was the appearance of the person? persisted Mr. Perkins.
“Didn’t Chester look glum when you bounced him?  “I don’t know and I don’t care.
“Yes, answered Felix, with rather a disdainful glance at Silas Tripp’s rusty garments.
David Mullins came forward, and with some show of civility greeted the old country merchant.
“So we have a young poet as well as a young artist here.  “Oh, yes, answered Arthur.
I must see if I can’t find you another position.  “Thank you, but it is not necessary.
He took his cousin Felix in my place.  The two friends went to dinner about six o’clock.
I thought you would consider me a beggar.  “You will understand me better after a while.
“If he did, I think her life would be in danger.  Edward turned pale at this suggestion.
“Take a glass of sarsaparilla, then.  “Sarsaparilla! repeated Floyd, contemptuously.
Then, a minute afterward, I saw the boat upset, and the three was strugglin’ in the water.
The widder charged her a ridiculous price—eight dollars a week.  “It was extortionate.
Well, well, I’m sorry you find it so— as if the injury consisted in her finding it so.
Each of them would have found any suggestion of such a possibility repulsive in the extreme.
Miss Pinnegar kept her thumb on this enterprise, so that it was not much more than abortive.
She says she can’t bear it—she can’t bear the thought of you out there with Alexander.
Glad she would have been to be allowed to treat them quietly and gently, with consideration.
Alvina was always speaking of the doctors: Doctor Young and Doctor Headley and Doctor James.
She would sink into a chair as if she wished never to rise again—never to make the effort.
His “h’s were a barbed-wire fence and entanglement, preventing his unlimited progress.
She had no opinion at all of Manchester House—wouldn’t hang a cat in such a gloomy hole.
“I’m sure you find plenty to do, with everything on your hands, said Lottie to Alvina.
“Albert Witham.  “Albert Witham! exclaimed Miss Pinnegar, standing quite motionless.
There’s no associations like the old ones. He smiled flatly as he looked towards Alvina.
Both women were so retired, they had heard nothing of James’s little trips down to Lumley.
But stolidly she stared at James, and anxiously she glanced sideways at the pounding Alvina.
When any one particular was coming, he would go to a rather better-class widow in Woodhouse.
It is very kind of her.  “Miss Houghton is _most_ kind—to _every one_, said Mr. May.
He went straight down to Lumley, and Madame had to remain on tenterhooks till ten o’clock.
Don’t put me to shame, don’t destroy my honour, and the honour of the Natcha-Kee-Tawara.
“Well, said Miss Pinnegar, judicious but aloof, “it’s a move in the right direction.
There won’t be room for them in the cabs.  “We’ll order another.  “More expense.
She never made much of that, did she—and spent a sight of money on her training, they say.
To one and all Alvina answered with a tantalizing: “I don’t know what I’m going to do.
“And now, said Madame, “I shall lock it in my little bank, yes, where it will be safe.
Miss Houghton will come for one month, to prove, and in that time she shall pay for herself.
Geoffrey laid his large hand on her shoulder for a moment, looked into her eyes, and nodded.
Miss Pinnegar said no more, but padded with her tea and her boiled egg into the living room.
After which excitements Geoffrey and Ciccio went in to breakfast, which Alvina had prepared.
And at the back of her mind all the time she wondered at his deliberate recklessness of her.
She took other clothes, adjusted her hair, tied on her apron, and went downstairs once more.
“I don’t think I shall be more than an hour.  He put on his hat and went out with her.
“Well, Miss Houghton, and what news have you?  “I don’t think I’ve any, Mr. Beeby.
In her own heart she had confidently expected a few hundred pounds: even a thousand or more.
Would you ask her to call about seven—I think she is free then—  Alvina sat trembling.
She did not want to see Miss Pinnegar, nor the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras: and least of all, Ciccio.
Another day he said to her, when they were talking of age:  “You are as young as you feel.
“I wonder where the matron is, said Alvina, suddenly going into the cool white corridor.
She made excursions, she walked on the moors, in the brief but lovely days of early October.
She stood at his side, watching the excited, laughing, noisy, east-end Italians at the desk.
The air in the train was hot, heavy with the crowd and tense with excitement and uneasiness.
For the first time the nostalgia of the vast Roman and classic world took possession of her.
After a while, Pancrazio halted with the ass just ahead, and took the lantern from Giovanni.
CHAPTER XV THE PLACE CALLED CALIFANO   There is no mistake about it, Alvina was a lost girl.
Ten minutes’ walk away was another cluster of seven or eight houses, where Giovanni lived.
She swept it as well as she could, and made a little order in the faggot-heap in the corner.
As a matter of fact Pancrazio had never been rakish or debauched, but mountain-moral, timid.
Pancrazio took her to the place where she could drink coffee and a strega, to make her warm.
His masculine mind and intelligence had its home in the little public square of his village.
Somewhere in her soul, she knew the finality of his refusal to hold discussion with a woman.
So, though at times her heart hardened with indignant anger, she let herself remain outside.
(8) No widow shall be compelled to marry, so long as she wishes to remain without a husband.
On our return from the Crusade, or if we abandon it, we will at once render justice in full.
This grouping of drama, action, and passion as the qualities of great poetry is significant.
In the _Orator_ he considers the orator and the poet as similar in style, but not identical.
Both prose and verse, he adds, may be characterized by brilliant imagery and headlong sweep.
Richard Sherry devotes an entire book to style in his Treatise of Schemes and Tropes (1550).
A figure is an   affecting kind of speech without consideration had of any borrowed   sense.
Then the mediaeval criteria of _doctrina_ and _eloquentia_ were superseded by many new ones.
Sidney found only one tragedy in England, _Gorbuduc_, modeled as it should be on his dramas.
The only difference between oratory and poetry lay in that the latter was composed in verse.
The Romans had very much the same feeling about the moral value in poetry as had the Greeks.
Who has allowed, said she, these common strumpets of the theatre to come near this sick man?
In this respect, as has been shown, they were carrying on the traditions of the middle ages.
Hic meret aera liber Sosiis; hic et mare transit,   Et longum noto scriptori prorogat aevum.
“Inshallah (“If it please God), we replied, and waved our helmets in acknowledgment.
Leaping into the saddle, he waved us good-by, and moved away with his suite toward the city.
They assign, as a reason for this, the exceptionally dry region in which Ararat is situated.
One of the Kirghiz turned suddenly back in the opposite direction from which he had started.
With official connivance, the latter were now free, they thought, to take unusual liberties.
It was only after another direct attack upon them that we were able to mount, and dash away.
This was the only son then at home with the viceroy, his eldest son being minister to Japan.
Enter_ Bellmour _behind them:     They turn, and_ Celinda _sides with_ Bellmour, _and fights.
--I whore, drink, game, swear, lye, cheat, rob, pimp, hector, all, all I do that’s vitious.
_Discovers_ Celinda _as before sitting in a Chair_,     Diana _by her in another, who sings_.
Madam, this House, which I am Master of, You shall command; whilst I go seek this _Bellmour_.
You may believe him, Sir; and this alone’s the Man, in whom I will, or never will be happy.
| Then let ‘em rail and hiss, and damn their fill, Your Verdict will be_ Ignoramus _still_.
Say you so, then I will hide it as much as I can in words, I can dissemble too upon occasion.
Fear has made you mad, or you’re bewitcht; and I’ll leave you to recover your Wits again.
Sir, you’re mistaken, she was my Wife in sight of Heaven before; and I but seiz’d my own.
Thus among all the Folly’s here abounding, None took like the new Ape-trick of Dumfounding.
--No, put it up--I can’t appear abroad thus--no, I’ll stay at home, and lose my business.
Die--marry, Heavens forbid--I would not for the World--let me see--hum--what does it lie for?
She cannot from the Paths of Honour rove,   Whose Guide’s Religion, and whose End is Love_.
_’.is enough, you once shall find,   Fortune may to Worth be kind_;        [gives him Gold.
For want of a better--                                  [_Stands behind him, pushing him on_.
--Great _Pantamogan_, hold, for I am satisfied,                                         [_Ex.
I ne’er durst give the unknown Tyrant room; Lest he should make his resting place his home.
He’as got my Sword, however, I’ll lose no time: It may be ‘tis his office to detain me.
I’ll know _Philander’s_ fate e’er I proceed; And if he die, _Alcippus_ too shall bleed.
I all things said that might his Griefs beguile, And brought him to the sweetness of a Smile.
Thou threatnest high, bold Rebel,                          [_He sits within the Scene, bows_.
This is borne out by the girls themselves, who have previously been well primed by Mopsophil.
Symonds in his excellent and most scholarly introduction prefacing Carlo Gozzi’s _Memoirs_.
_Chevalier à Cheveux blonds,   Plus de Mouche, plus de Poudre,   Plus de Ribons et Cannons_.
The Fame of your great Learning, Sir, and Virtue is known with Joy to the renown’d Society.
What Antidote is there to be given to a young Wench, against the Disease of Love and Longing?
_groping     thrusts his Hand into his Mouth, he bites him, the other dares     not cry out_.
‘Twas then the tuning of the Spheres, some Serenade, Sir, from the Inhabitants of the Moon.
since he drank those Waters he never buys any Iron, but hammers it out of _Stercus Proprius_.
Former editions all read ‘Scene a Chamber, a Table with Box and Dice.’  p. 72, l. 20 _Ex.
This celebrated statesman (1641-1711) was second son of Edward Hyde, first Earl of Clarendon.
Downes dilates at quite unusual length upon the magnificence of the new scenery and costumes.
Pomfret, _Poems_ (1699), _Divine Attributes_: ‘Tricks to cully fools.’  p. 249 _he pads_.
It is very possible that Mrs. Behn hence took her hint for the phantom of the living Erminia.
Of course the eight dollars a week from the minister’s fund ceased to be paid to the Rands.
He finished his breakfast in a leisurely manner, and then taking his hat, went out with Abel.
I ain’t done nothin’.  “Why did you take my handkerchief last night? asked Chester.
He was a man of perhaps middle age, and he wore spectacles, which gave him a literary aspect.
I wish I could get money for drawing.  “Perhaps you can some time.  Bob shook his head.
Mr. Conrad walked down Broadway with the boys, pointing out any notable buildings on the way.
“Do you see that man in front of us? he asked, pointing to a figure about six feet ahead.
“Now, where shall we go?  I will not undertake to describe the route followed by the two.
I understand my business.  There was nothing for Chester to do but to accept the dismissal.
That is why I want a larger one.  “But when will you work? asked the landlady, puzzled.
Once he had stopped in the street and played ball, losing ten or fifteen minutes in that way.
Have you had supper?  “I have not eaten anything for two days, answered Granger, sadly.
It has required the utmost economy to live, and I haven’t as much as five dollars saved up.
She was sitting in an armchair in the room adjoining her chamber, looking pale and sorrowful.
Coleman, said Trimble, with suavity, “this is my wife, Mrs. Trimble.  The lawyer bowed.
In spite of the positive testimony he had given he did not even know Edward Granger by sight.
“Oh, not really. And she gave the arch look with her eyes, which made Miss Frost shudder.
On her own head then if she is made unhappy: for her expectation is arrogant and impertinent.
What a strange and lovely place, bubbling iridescent-golden on the surface of the underworld.
Miss Frost smiled with her old bright, wonderful look, that had a touch of queenliness in it.
And he took his place at her side along the Knarborough Road, where everybody turned to look.
“And yet, he admitted slyly, “I should _like_ to marry— To this she did not answer.
What I wonder is why they find it such a drawback.  “Find what a drawback? asked James.
Don’t you agree?  Poor James was too bewildered to know whether to agree or not to agree.
“I’m quite certain.  “Cock-sure people are often most mistaken, said Miss Pinnegar.
And after this, she was a long time before she forgave Alvina, and was really friendly again.
For her it means failure to live, failure to establish her own life on the face of the earth.
Then there was a short cross-way, up which one saw the iron foundry, a black and rusty place.
_Can_ you imagine such a person?  “It must have been trying.  “I should think it was.
“I’m sorry for Madame, said Alvina, as she hurried rather breathless through the night.
Strange fine black hair, he had, close as fur, animal, and naked, frail-seeming, tawny hands.
He laid them down on the bed before her, and took her hand, bowing and kissing it reverently.
To Naples.  “Yes, I shall go back to Italy, he said, as if unwilling to commit himself.
You look—also—what shall I say—thin, not very happy.  It was a note of interrogation.
“But it is a little late—  The eyes of the foreigners, watching him, flattered Mr. May.
“They understand nothing.  But the last word was smothered in Ciccio’s spring and stab.
Her _braves_ became glamorous and heroic at once, and magically she cast her spell over them.
Then they will go when they like—  “I will come round to say good-bye— said Alvina.
“Tell him she’s resting, and Mr. Houghton is seriously ill, said Miss Pinnegar sharply.
In the early afternoon came a telegram: Coming both tomorrow morning deepest sympathy Madame.
I haven’t enquired.  “No, but you have a good idea, eh?  “I’m afraid I haven’t.
“All right, he said, and he picked his way across the graves to Madame, following Alvina.
She was rather frail and tender-looking, with wondering eyes that showed she had been crying.
“I will go alone, said Alvina, “unless you will come, Madame.  “Alas no, I can’t.
They tried to talk to her, they tried to ingratiate themselves—but she wasn’t having any.
After all, she was demeaning herself shamefully staying with them in common, sordid lodgings.
And I’m sure the dead don’t mind.  “I never _knew_ such things as you say.  “Why?
It’s not the right thing for her to be doing, _at all_!  “You think not? said Ciccio.
“Oh, Alvina, you will never bring out the cards tonight! expostulated poor Miss Pinnegar.
From the far room she could hear the gentle, but profound vibrations of Geoffrey’s snoring.
How many times had she seen Miss Frost bravely striding home that way, from her music-pupils.
Seems an awful lot for _Also of_—  “But you can’t leave it out, said Miss Pinnegar.
It appears to me you need no doctor here, you know everything already—  “Oh no, doctor.
He was a little too much the teetotaller on the one hand to be so largely manly on the other.
“Have it for _one_ of your own.  She crept out of the window recess and looked up at him.
“But I am speaking what I _mean_—  She did not answer, but looked at him reproachfully.
“I should have thought you would answer _me_ first.  She did not answer, but watched him.
There was nothing so very unnatural, after all, in being bumped up suddenly against the wall.
Won’t you open the other window and look out there—?  Alvina went to the second window.
“Allaye! he said, caressing her hand, kissing it with a soft, passionate, yearning mouth.
So that he turned on Alvina in a fury, and asked her what the hell she thought she was doing.
Next to Alvina sat a large, fat, youngish Frenchman who overflowed over her in a hot fashion.
And it did not occur to her to connect the train’s moving on with the sound of the trumpet.
Now we are on my land.  They were treading a rough sort of grass-land—and still climbing.
And a wild, terrible happiness would take hold of her, beyond despair, but very like despair.
Ciccio went on ahead with Alvina, whilst the others stood to load up the ass by the high-way.
I should like it to be born here.  “Would you like to bring up a child here? she asked.
Only with his relatives, of whom he had many, he was more free, in a kind of family intimacy.
He sat motionless for a long while: while she undressed and brushed her hair and went to bed.
This division is called for not by the logic of the material, but by history and convenience.
Furthermore, Butcher's interpretation of imitation of nature seems both sound and suggestive.
He was thus enabled better to carry his audience with him to his ultimate goal of persuasion.
And in this common ground each influenced the other from the beginning of recorded criticism.
The attorney for the other side, a practical man, rose--My client is going to swear, he said.
Here the mnemonic system of places, supposedly invented by Simonides, is explained obscurely.
Docere, to teach, he uses in the classical sense which includes proof as well as instruction.
He preferred the periodic style of Isocrates and Ascham to the tricksy pages of Euphues[241].
As will be shown, such a definition of poetry was not formulated previous to the renaissance.
That Homer especially was supposed to have a moral influence is illustrated also by Xenophon.
Wherefore poetic has this in common with rhetoric; that   both are the servants of the state.
Poetry, he believes, fails if it does not persuade its reader to abandon evil and adopt good.
Bolton enforces his view by quotation from Bede, William of Malmesbury, and Sir Thomas North.
These three virtues of a narratio are based on the analysis of the _Rhetorica ad Alexandrum_.
vi., Lionardo Bruni, _De studiis et literis_ (1405), uses the same argument to defend poetry.
His tone, however, changed when we reached a decline or long stretch of reasonably good road.
As we passed among them they shouted “Oorooglar olsun (“May good fortune attend you).
A silver belt incloses the waist, and a necklace of coins calls attention to her pretty neck.
Certain it is that no craters or signs of craters now exist on the summit of either mountain.
The flocks stood round about, bleating and lowing, or chewing their cud in quiet contentment.
The thinness and lowness of the partition walls did not disturb their astonishing equanimity.
We ourselves had to be content with ekmek and yaourt (blotting-paper bread and curdled milk).
Upon its smooth and perfect slopes remained only the tatters of its last winter’s garments.
He had put on every article of clothing, including gloves, hat, hood, cloak, and heavy shoes.
It crosses the Kopet Dagh mountains over seven distinct passes in a distance of eighty miles.
In fact, one day she informed us that she had not imbibed a drop of water for over six years.
We were given the seat of honor opposite the doorway, bolstered up with blankets and pillows.
This he continued for some moments, and then without a word gazed at us in wild astonishment.
By its superintendent we were invited to a special breakfast on the morning of our departure.
The only meat we could find was pork, that shibboleth between Mohammedanism and Confucianism.
All kinds of pumps and hydraulic wheels are worked, either by the hand, animals, or the wind.
Each wore the official robe and dish-pan hat, with its particular button or insignia of rank.
The Gentleman’s good-natur’d, and has took pity on you, and will not trouble you, I think.
Faith, Sir, you have it, and there you may have an Opportunity to court _Bellmour’s_ Sister.
Why, Sir, did you not mind, that he that drew upon _Bellmour_, was in the same Dress with you.
_And then to my cold Home--Come let’s be gone: Oh, that I ne’er might see the rising Sun_.
Lady, I am a Soldier--yet in my gentlest Terms I humbly beg to kiss your lovely Hands-- Death!
And will be ready whene’er the Devil calls for thee--So--ho--more Wine, more Wine, and Dice.
Yes, I do love her, and dare own it too; And will defend her from one so base and treacherous.
Well, and you, Sir, that are the cause of this, What canst thou say to move me for thy Pardon?
Sir, this Villain here has abus’d me, and with a false Marriage has rob’d me of my Honour.
I’m ravisht with the Fancy;--let me see--he shall be an _English_ Lord, or a _French_ Count.
I wonder where this Man of mine should be, whom I sent this Evening with my Letter to _Julia_.
No, no, ‘tis a mere Stranger, Sir, a rare Count whom I never saw all days of my life before.
Or, if he be not, he’s old, and past service, we’ll kill the Christian Dog out of the way.
I know not, this noise of Weddings has set me agog, and I’ll e’en in, and try what ‘tis.
faith, Sir, I know not where you’ll find a better fortune for your Daughter, as cases stand.
_--You base-born Beauties, whose ill-manner’d Pride, Th’industrious noble Citizens deride.
Bellmour has meanwhile revealed himself to Leticia, who is plunged in despair at the nuptials.
And with him my destin’d Cuckold, old Sir _Cautious Fulbank_.--Hah, what ail’st thou, Man?
Whilst now I languish in a loath’d embrace, Pine out my Life with Age--Consumptions, Coughs.
No, Sir, I’ll assure you, there are the Wonders of the World, Sir: I’ll hint you this one.
_Enter _Gayman_ in a Night-Cap, and an old Campaign Coat     tied about him, very melancholy_.
Peace, Sirrah--and call--a--no--Pox on’t, come back--and yet--yes--call my fulsome Landlady.
Thy constant true Adorer, Who all this fatal Day has haunted thee To ease his tortur’d Soul.
Yet I wou’d wander with thee o’er the World, And share thy humblest Fortune with thy Love.
Hah--the Bridegroom has it, Sir, who is just gone to Bed, it shall be sent him in the Morning.
Sir _Feeb_.--Hum--met at _Guild-Hall_;--my Clothes, my Gown again, _Francis_, I’ll out--out!
_Old Man forgive me--thou the Aggressor art,   Who rudely forc’d the Hand without the Heart.
Now though I know that nothing is more distant than I from such a Monster--yet this angers me.
A Bauble--a Bauble--’tis not for what I’ve lost--but because I have not won--  Sir _Feeb_.
Then ‘twas a flame conceal’d from you alone, To the whole Court, besides, ‘twas visible.
Though all the Gods were rallied on his side, They should too feeble prove to guard his Pride.
‘Twas kindly urg’d, prithee be near me still, And tell me of the faults that look unmanly.
That which if I should let thee live, _Erminia_, Would never suffer thee to look abroad again.
If Lovers could be rul’d by Reason’s Laws, For this complaint on him we’ad had no cause.
It needs not, since these Languishments can be Nought but the Wounds which you alone can cure.
Sir, ‘tis a work that will soon be dispatcht, And this a place and time most proper for’t.
Well--This will be but a nine days Wonder too; There’s nothing lasting but the Puppets Show.
The very Key-hole, Sir, thorow which, with half an Eye, he sees him even at his Devotion, Sir.
Nay, from the Moon-World, for ought I know, for he looks not like the People of the lower Orb.
Men call me _Gog Magog_, the Spirit of Power; My Right-hand Riches holds, my Left-hand Honour.
Hide nothing from me, my dear _Bellemante_, since all already is discover’d to me--and more.
Long as two Rivals we have lov’d and hop’d, Both equally endeavour’d, and both fail’d.
This Scene is not numbered in the previous editions but considered as Scene I with the former.
Indeed all extrinsic songs in dialogue, however serious the theme, were considered ‘Jigs’.
Vulgar Tongue_, gives the word, and it is also explained by the _Lexicon Balatronicum_ (1811).
Dryden in his Preface to _Absalom and Achitophel_, I, speaks of ‘an Anti-Bromingham’, i.e.
Says Genest: ‘The Podesta and Bartoline are as well cuckolded as any Tory could wish.’ cf.
Hart soon gave up Cassio to Kynaston for the title rôle in which he is said to have excelled.
Smithson’s version was first printed in black letter, and a second edition appeared in 1686.
This merry old matrimonial custom in use at the bedding of the happy pair is often alluded to.
‘To sport’, generic for ‘to parade’ or ‘display’ was, and is a very common phrase.
If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy.
I hope for your sake that the lots may become valuable.  “I don’t expect it, Mr. Morris.
So I surmised.  “It can’t be possible he is going to offer us a loan, thought Chester.
“Women don’t know much about business, muttered Silas, as he plodded home, disappointed.
An elderly farmer, Job Dexter, offered him a dollar a week and board if he would work for him.
The     publisher offered me fifteen dollars for the two, and I thought it     best to accept.
He may throw other work in your way.  “I hope I can give him satisfaction, said Chester.
He must have seen you with one.  “Does the new boy smoke cigarettes?  “I don’t know.
He was sharp and observing, and meant to qualify himself for his position as soon as possible.
How long have you been in the office?  “This is my first day, answered Chester, smiling.
“I won’t ask you to do any more this evening, but I will give you some work to do at home.
Then Arthur said:  “Chester must go now, Ernest.  The boy left Chester’s lap obediently.
If it was for articles I had had—in other words, for value received—it would be different.
I think you are a boy who would succeed at the West.  “I should like to go there some day.
I’ve needed one for a long time, but I wanted the satisfaction of buying one at Tiffany’s.
By the way, Mr.—— and he stopped short, for he did not remember the bookkeeper’s name.
Deliver as much as possible to-morrow.  Chester returned home in a high state of exultation.
Whenever you are in the city, even if you have no business with us, make our office your home.
“Just as I thought, he said to himself, “Chester Rand ought never to have left Wyncombe.
Mr. Sharpleigh, for it was he, as the reader has doubtless guessed, walked closely behind him.
We are, therefore, led to ask whether you are disposed to     sell, and, if so, on what terms.
All was new and strange, and the broad spaces through which they passed were full of interest.
“This young man wishes to see you, Mr. Dean, he said, formally, when his employer entered.
On the evening of the second day, as he was taking a walk alone, he encountered David Mullins.
I don’t believe he will be willing to take a place in your store.  Silas Tripp was amazed.
“A Wonder in White. Who knows but that he had been reading Wilkie Collins’ famous novel!
So she stayed more and more in her room, and the child was given to the charge of a governess.
James bought very little stock in these days: just remnants and pieces for his immortal robes.
No one was better than she at _double-entendres._ No one could better give the nurse’s leer.
She received her grudged fee callously, threatened and exacted it when it was not forthcoming.
He saw the architect: and then, with his plans and schemes, he saw the builder and contractor.
“Well—I must be back in a minute, she said, as she entered the embrasure of the counter.
For the fear of being an old maid, the fear of her own virginity was really gaining on Alvina.
Alvina understood now Lottie’s strained sort of thinness, a haggard, sinewy, sea-weedy look.
“You needn’t be nervous with me, smiled Albert broadly, with his odd, genuine gallantry.
When she saw him sauntering down the street in all his leisure, a sort of anger possessed her.
Then he took the candle, and hobbled stubbornly and angrily up again, with spanner and hammer.
You pick up just _all_ the information you require.  “Decidedly—decidedly! said James.
“Yes, them’s the two.  “And which is the best?  “Depends what trains is runnin’.
(_Why ra-ther!_)  Underneath the oak-tree nice and shady Calling me your tootsey-wootsey lady?
James had let it out to his fellow tradesmen, and it represented a patchwork of local adverts.
Mr. May waved excitedly at Alvina, who sat obscurely at the piano, and darted on to the stage.
As she went down the hill soon after six o’clock in the evening, she met them trooping home.
Alvina did not _like_ them—you were not supposed, really, to get deeply emotional over them.
I’m likely to a temperature—  “Liable to a temperature, murmured Louis pathetically.
When she had taken her tea and was washed and her room was tidied, she summoned the young men.
If Madame found a good pianist, she welcomed the accompaniment: if not, she dispensed with it.
She heard the news, and said:  “Tomorrow I go to fetch him. And with this she went to bed.
Ciccio was sitting on a narrow bed, in a rather poor attic, under the steep slope of the roof.
And taking consent from his unchanging eyes, she let go his hand and slightly opened the door.
He turned slowly, and taking his coat from a nail, slung it over his shoulders and drew it on.
Let us go and drink some coffee. She had now put an inflection of tenderness into her voice.
“Excuse me a minute, she said to her cousin, who looked up irritably as she left the room.
A moment of stillness seemed to cover her like sleep: an eternity of sleep in that one second.
“If you want, he said, the awkward, derisive smile curling his lips and showing his teeth.
She could remember even now the way he seemed to smack his lips, saying the word _maraschino_.
I can’t!—  “Yes do—  “The beautiful red stones!—antique gems, antique gems—!
“I’ve been thinking, said Miss Pinnegar, “about opening a little business in Tamworth.
His eyes looked quickly and curiously over everything, noticing things, but without criticism.
“Oh—the creditors will have to be satisfied with a little less than they claim, I suppose.
“Ha, sufficient for a good many days, it seems to me.  Miss Pinnegar was in a real temper.
A sure position, a very nice home and lovely things in it, once they were dragged about a bit.
And the excitement and the unease began to wear through Alvina’s rather glamorous fussiness.
Alvina slipped from the man, who was a little bewildered, and through the gate into the drive.
And then with this war on: you never knew how things might turn out: a foreigner and all that.
And the first person who rushed upon them was Geoffrey, in a rather grimy private’s uniform.
Alvina had seen a French official yelling at the poor shred of a young father on the platform.
You, Ciccio, will help Giovanni with the donkey, said Pancrazio, scuttling with the lantern.
But the smoke hurt her chest, she was not clean for one moment, and she could do nothing else.
Then Pancrazio also contrived to serve her and shelter her, he too, loved her for being there.
The more she wandered, the more the shadow of the by-gone pagan world seemed to come over her.
And it came that she never wandered far from the house, from her room, after the first months.
There was something to her unnatural in the quality of the attention the men gave to the wine.
Heavy, mute, powerless, there she sat like a lump of darkness, in that doomed Italian kitchen.
Professor J.B. Fletcher helped me by his friendly and penetrating criticism of the manuscript.
The object of this division is not to make an abstract distinction between nature and purpose.
Consequently in the _Rhetoric_ he refers to the _Poetics_ for a fuller discussion of metaphor.
Intending to amplify his peroration by a figure he said, Swear, but I will prescribe the oath.
Still under the general head of arrangement John explains the ten ways of amplifying material.
Its speeches are stately, its phrases high sounding, and its moral lesson delightfully taught.
The first stage of English Criticism, say Spingarn, was entirely given up to rhetorical study.
That Gascoigne takes invention to mean a search for fancies is illustrated by his own example.
In all these respects the classical view of poetic has much in common with classical rhetoric.
St. Chrysostom records that in the fourth century Homer was still taught as a guide to morals.
Not only do they fail to assuage his sorrows, but they feed and nourish them with sweet venom.
To St. Thomas Aquinas, logic was the art of arts, because in action we are directed by reason.
He is discussing the three kinds of argument: syllogism, enthymeme, and example, or induction.
But he seems to fear the moral effect of bad example more than he applauds the effect of good.
Professor Van Hook here presents the only English translation of Alcidamas, _On the Sophists_.
M. Fierville prints for the first time the complete texts of these abridgments in an appendix.
cit._  [177] _Poetische Theorien in der italienischen Frührenaissance_ (Berlin, 1900), p. 88.
If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy.
The costume of the Armenian woman is generally of some bright-colored cloth, prettily trimmed.
With the Turk, as with all Asiatics, it is not a question of what is better, but what will do.
It would have been hot work except for the rain of the day before and a strong southeast wind.
Following up this southeast ridge we came at 5:45 P. M. to a point about eleven thousand feet.
Here they surged through the narrow gangway, and knocked over the fruit-stands of the bazaars.
This our interlocutor, for a certain _inam_, or Persian bakshish, at length agreed to deliver.
He stopped to watch us as we plunged into the flood, with our Russian telega for a ferry-boat.
Withered plants are uprooted and scattered by the gale like patches of foam on the stormy sea.
In fact, on this account, we were not so observant of Chinese formality as we might have been.
We told him that the bicycle from a Chinese point of view was capable of various descriptions.
If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the rules is very easy.
Thou speak’st as if it were a Sin: But if it be so, you your self help’d to make me wicked.
You are grown a notable Proficient in Love--And you are resolv’d (if he please) to marry him?
Yes, and if you would be rid of the trouble of him, be not coy, nor witty; two things he hates.
Neither, Sir--I can love--and tell it too--and that you may believe me--look on this Lady, Sir.
I find, Sir, you and I shall never agree upon this matter; But see, Sir, here’s more Company.
Sir, I believe those happy ones that know you Had been far kinder, but I’m indeed a Stranger.
Fair angry Maid, frown on, frown till you kill, And I shall dying bless those Eyes that did so.
Pray ask no Questions, Sir; but if you are what you seem, Give a Protection to an unhappy Maid.
Till I was married only, and now I can dissemble it no longer-- come--let’s to a Baudy-House.
--Why, I thought that I was wicked, but, by Fortune, This dashes mine quite out of Countenance.
Why--look you, Mistress, I am that Fop, that very silly Knight, and the rest that you speak of.
Too virtuous Maid, I know thou dost but feign, His Wickedness has forc’d thee to this change.
I care not for that, my opinion is, my Wife’s my Slave, and let him keep his Rank to himself.
So, your Mercury’s gone; Lord, how simply you look now, as if you knew nothing of the matter!
I dare not with you, the venture wou’d be too bold in a young beginner in the Thefts of Love.
Ay, Sir, I thank ye,--pray, under the Rose, how does my Wife please his Grace the Great _Turk_?
I say, a silly Fool, to refuse the Love of so great a _Turk_; why, what a Pox makes you so coy?
--And, Madam, you’re too gay for me to inquire Whether you are that _Julia_ which I left you?
Their vain Attempts can ne’er successful prove,   Whilst I so well maintain the Fort of Love.
Oh Coxcomb, old Coxcomb, and a wise Coxcomb--to turn Prodigal at my Years, why, I was bewitcht!
Go you first, Sir, I will but stay to say my Prayers, which are that Heaven wou’d deliver me.
Because I see another rais’d above me; Let him be great, and damn’d with all his Greatness.
Methinks, _Alcander_, you should shun that Maid, Of whose too much of kindness you’re afraid.
Well--not from the hope of that, but from my Love, His change of humour I’m content to prove.
I hid my self in the next Chamber, till I heard the Doctor go, only to return to be reveng’d.
_Enter_ Elaria, Bellemante, Mopsophil, Florinda, _and Ladies,     dress’d in Masking Habits_.
Nay, he shall e’en remain as Heaven made him for me, since there are Men enough for all uses.
Then know--last Night, my Daughter and my Niece were entertain’d by those illustrious Heroes.
Seignior Doctor tells me I have a Lover waits me, sure it must be the Farmer or the Apothecary.
If both Lovers, you are both welcome; but let’s have fair Play, and take your turns to speak.
Good Mr. Conjurer, stand by--and don’t fright the Gentlewoman with your elegant Profundities.
_With our old Plays, as with dull Wife it fares, To whom you have been marry’d tedious Years.
4to 1677 has ‘The End of the Second Act.’  p. 40, l. 2 _A Room in Lord Plotwell’s House_.
It is said, however, that on this occassion, instead of wine, lamb’s-wool was profanely used.
There are numberless allusions to this custom, especially in Prefaces, Prologues and Epilogues.
15: ‘She has a languishing Eye, a delicious soft Hand, and two pretty jiggetting Feet.’ cf.
The Hangman of that Name, but now all his Successors.’ He exercised his office circa 1663-87.
Then he overtook a man of perhaps thirty, thinly clad and shivering in the bitter, wintry wind.
Even two dollars a week would help him very much.  “Two dollars a week! ejaculated Silas.
He was one of those men—very numerous they are, too—who dislike to own themselves mistaken.
He was a thin, dark-complexioned boy, with curious-looking eyes that somehow inspired distrust.
It was the middle of the forenoon when Felix knocked at the door of James Long’s humble home.
I generally pay off all debts of that kind.  “How will you do it? asked Felix, curiously.
We might go to the theater, but I think I would rather walk about here and there using my eyes.
I’m surprised at that.  “Perhaps he did not like to tell her.  “Very like, very like!
“What sort of a place is it?  “He is working for a New York paper or magazine.  “Sho!
Including what he received from Prof. Hazlitt, his income was about thirty-five dollars a week.
“You haven’t any gray hair yet, while I have plenty.  “Not quite yet, smiled Chester.
I didn’t give him any     encouragement, as I presume you prefer art to the grocery business.
No doubt her husband will seize this opportunity to induce     her to make a will in his favor.
I hope he didn’t drink?  “Not often, ma’am; just a glass of sarsaparilla or lemon soda.
“I have been much interested by your sad story, Mr. Floyd, said the sorrow-stricken mother.
I am particularly glad that my services are not needed.  “They will be needed, Mr. Coleman.
“It ain’t creditable to deceive a man old enough to be your grandfather.  Chester smiled.
James would be left a little cramped, a little tight, with only one-third of his present space.
The young men of the same social standing as herself were in some curious way outsiders to her.
Every minute she expected to break down, to burst into tears and tenderness and reconciliation.
Mrs. Houghton assumed a remote air of silence, as if she did not hear any more, did not belong.
Miss Frost, and a woman who came in, and the servant had been nursing the invalid between them.
She preferred Miss Pinnegar, and admired Miss Pinnegar’s humble wisdom with a new admiration.
James Houghton, like an excited beetle, scurried to and fro, feeling he was making his fortune.
The legend attracted him immensely—as a teetotaller, it had a mysterious, hypnotic influence.
Yet the other woman was sharp and shrewd in the uptake, and for some reason she fancied Alvina.
There’s nothing in riding a bicycle.  “I don’t believe I ever should, laughed Alvina.
“Who do you think took me for a walk, Miss Pinnegar? she said, laughing, to her confidante.
James Houghton screwed round in his chair and peered over his spectacles to see who was coming.
But unfortunately there was no chance of Mr. May’s getting a finger in the Cattle Market pie.
“As if you were going to write an account in the newspapers—excellent.  “And so simple!
Feeling the instant American dislike for the presence of a negro, Mr. May moved off with James.
The two men had moved a few steps further towards home, and the women prepared to flee indoors.
The manager of my cinema.  Miss Pinnegar looked at him, and looked at him, and did not speak.
I’ve got a bad cold on my chest— laying her plump hand with the rings on her plump bosom.
But he turned the handsome side of his cheek towards her, with the faintest flicker of a sneer.
When they got back, Madame was light-headed, and talking excitedly of her dance, her young men.
Ciccio was without his blanket, naked to the waist, in war-paint, and brandishing a long spear.
They are like this— And he made the Neapolitan gesture drawing in the air with his fingers.
“Don’t come in, said Alvina to Geoffrey, looking over her shoulder at him as she entered.
What you say?  “Yes, said Ciccio, again looking up at her with his yellow, glinting eyes.
But I don’t want to take them from you—  “If I give them, you do not take them from me.
Ciccio put down the things as she directed, and stood with his cap in his hands, looking aside.
“Don’t make any more engagements after the end of next month.  “Really! said Mr. May.
First, could she bear it, when the Endeavour was turned into another cheap and nasty film-shop?
She was in the drawing-room with her cousin, to give the interview its proper air of solemnity.
Involuntarily he turned and lifted his face again towards Alvina, as if studying her curiously.
Madame watched him stonily as she stood beside her chair, one hand lightly balanced on her hip.
Miss Pinnegar, her face stained carmine by the fire, was helping Mrs. Rollings with the dinner.
“Stop now, since you have stopped for so long, said Madame, darting her black looks at him.
“When it is said, it has a sound _against_: that is, against the neighbour, against humanity.
Poor Alvina, this was the only day in all her life when she was the centre of public attention.
“Certainly, if you think you will stay with us.  This was a nasty slap in the face for her.
“But an open course—  “Look, my boy—if you could marry _this_— meaning the house.
Perhaps— said Geoffrey, laying his arm on Ciccio’s shoulder, and giving him a sudden hug.
Alvina brought out the cards, and a little box of pence which remained from Endeavour harvests.
Fortunately there were glasses, the best old glasses, in the side cupboard in the drawing room.
“But why father?  “You lost girl! said Miss Pinnegar, backing out and closing the door.
“You know I’ve joined the Tawaras permanently—as pianist.  “No, I didn’t know that!
“There is sure to be something owing—  She saw herself saddled with her father’s debts.
In the morning Madame gave Alvina all her belongings, from the little safe she called her bank.
And my stomach is as weak as a baby’s.  The labourer wiped his big moustache on his sleeve.
An’ tha’d be th’ same if tha did my work.  “If I did your work, sneered the doctor.
Now if a man is conscious of being a _gentleman_, he is bound to be a little less than a _man_.
It seemed to please the doctor to find that Alvina was a pessimist with regard to human nature.
Oh, and the fascinating little window! She crouched in the hollow of the small dormer window.
“What have the circumstances got to do with it?  “Everything is so uncertain, she said.
There was about her a kind of half bitter sanity and nonchalance which the nervous woman liked.
Why, how did you come across such an individual—?  Alvina explained as briefly as possible.
Be like barbarous women, a slave.  During all this, Ciccio stayed out of the room, as bidden.
In the morning, very early, they left for Scarborough, leaving a letter for the sleeping Tommy.
It was stuffed with dry maize-leaves, the dry sheathes from the cobs—stuffed enormously high.
It seems there are places which resist us, which have the power to overthrow our psychic being.
Once she was rid of Pancrazio, she would wash every cup and plate and utensil in boiling water.
But there were not six pieces of crockery in the house, and not more than six cooking utensils.
The dawning mountains were wonderful, dim-green and mauve and rose, the ground rang with frost.
He was most friendly, insisted on paying for drinks, and coffee and almond biscuits for Alvina.
To Aristotle, and centuries later to Plutarch, the distinguishing mark of poetry was imitation.
In the case of oratory, this is the function of the   political art and of the art of rhetoric.
Such a digest shows better than any generalization a complete confusion of poetic and rhetoric.
grants the author because he avoids loose sentence structure and affects the oratorical period.
For the Fable and Fiction is, as it were,   the form and Soule of any Poeticall worke or Poeme.
To justify art, the middle ages had to show its usefulness not only to morals, but to theology.
The day after we were graduated at Washington University, St. Louis, Mo., we left for New York.
Our course continued in a northeast direction, toward the main southeast ridge of the mountain.
At the next village we were confronted by what appeared to be a shouting, gesticulating maniac.
When we awoke the midday sun was shining, and a party of Persian travelers was bending over us.
After our parade of the principal street, the crowd would gather round us at the station-house.
Six of us turned in on the floor together, forming a semicircle, with our feet toward the fire.
All the current news and gossip is here circulated and discussed over their eating or gambling.
Eagerly we plunged into its sluggish waters, and waded through under the walls of Ngan-si-chou.
We could now see it rising and falling in picturesque undulations as far as the Tibetan ranges.
Although our own clothes had been sent away to be boiled, we could not plead this as an excuse.
Can I, Madam, give you a greater Proof of my Passion for you, than to endure this for your sake?
’.is Sin enough to yield--but thus to sue Heav’n--’tis my Business--and not meant for you.
Swear e’er I go, that when I have perform’d it, You’ll render me Possession of your Heart.
Yes, Madam, I hope the Name can make no difference; Or hate that still, so you but love the Man.
An excellent rattling farce, it seems to have kept the stage at intervals for some twenty years.
I wou’d go make a Visit to my Aunt, my Sister _Clara’s_ there, and I’ll go fetch her home.
_Francisco_, let me embrace you, my noble Brother, and chide you, that you wou’d not visit me.
--Ah, what a Smile’s there--and then that scornful Look--’tis great-- Heavens, who’s here?
Very well, my Lord, I’ll swear he’s a rare spoken man;--why, what a Son-in-law shall I have?
Heav’ns, what a peculiar Grace there is in every word that comes from the Mouth of a Cavalier.
what are you?--Ghosts,--Devils,--Mutes,--no answer?--hah, bound in chains, --Slaves, where am I?
Such Innocence this plain Confession shows, name me the man, and I’ll resign thee back to him.
Well, if I have been kind you forced me to’t, nay, begged on your knees, to give my self away.
If I were your Ladyship, I wou’d make use of Sir _Cautious’s_ Cash: pay him in his own Coin.
No, by those Powers that heard our mutual Vows, Those Vows that tie us faster than dull Priests.
Feign your nice Virgin-Cautions all the day; Then trust at night to my Conduct to preserve thee.
If ‘twere a Fancy, ‘twas a strong one; and Ghosts and Fancy are all one if they can deceive.
Madam, dare you run the risk of your Father’s Displeasure, and run away with the Man you love?
You wou’d venture it,--I thank you, Sir,--I wou’d your Lady were worth nothing--  Sir _Cau_.
Six and five’s Eleven--                              [_Throws, and pulls the Hat towards him_.
Sir _Cau_.--Hum--two sixes--                                 [_Rises and looks dolefully round_.
Why, I don’t know--a Wedding is a sort of an Alarm to Love; it calls up every Man’s courage.
So, you are come, I see--                                           [_Goes, and locks the door_.
On such your Muse her utmost fury spends, They’re slander’d worse than any but your Friends.
He with the Prince an equal welcome found, Was with like Garlands, though less Merit, crown’d.
You’ll bring her to’t, she must be overcome, And you’re the fittest for her fickle Humour.
If that could do’t he nobly has endeavour’d it, But yet I think you need not yield her, Sir.
He said, _Erminia_, that you were his Wife; If so, no wonder you refuse my Bed:    [_She weeps_.
Of course much was bound to become stereotyped and fixed, but much was ever fluctuating and new.
Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.
“I’d rather live on one meal a day than have you marry him.  “I agree with you, Chester.
“I don’t mind bein’ generous, considerin’ you’ve been working for me more than a year.
Your father’s got steady work.  “Yes, but all the same I’ll ask for more in a few weeks.
Sometime you may be an artist.  Chester flushed with pride, and a new hope rose in his breast.
To be sure he had the five lots in Tacoma, but he who had formerly owned them had died a pauper.
He was lying on the ground, with a jug of whisky at his side.  “It was my jug, said Silas.
“I think, Mr. Tripp, you need not borrow any trouble on that score, interposed the minister.
“Let me see it.  Chester handed over the paper and regarded his seat mate with some anxiety.
She looked very sad, and Chester felt that he should like to give the bookkeeper a good shaking.
Sit down for a few minutes, and I will take you out to lunch.  “All right! answered Felix.
“No, thank you; I don’t smoke.  “Don’t smoke! repeated Felix, in apparent amusement.
But occasionally, through his friend, the artist, a five or ten-dollar bill came into his hands.
‘I wouldn’t go there if he’d take me for nothing,’ she said, and I believe she meant it.
I can play as well as I can sing.  “I suppose you sing well, sir, said Chester, roguishly.
“I’ll risk it.  “You would find Mr. Ralston a better guide.  “But not so safe a one.
On the next day, about three o’clock in the afternoon, Chester was sent downtown on an errand.
I think it may take me some months more, working evenings.  “That won’t interfere with us.
Just behind Chester was a man of fifty, rather shabby and neglectful in his personal appearance.
“Excuse me, sir, he said, deferentially, “but I would like to submit a couple of sketches.
But he had received a circular from an investment company in Wall Street, offering ten per cent.
Mebbe I wouldn’t succeed in the city myself, though I’m doin’ a tidy business in Wyncombe.
Mr. Mullins wanted to give the place to his nephew.  “Mebbe so, answered Silas, dubiously.
“You have begun well by confessing your share in the plot which came so near being successful.
“Do you get pay for that?  “Yes, certainly.  Then Felix bethought himself of his errand.
“Come with me, then.  The two boys crossed the street and intercepted the man from Portland.
Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.
He had marked it down from five guineas to one guinea, and then, oh ignoble day, to ten-and-six.
After this cut at his pride and integrity he lay in retirement for a while, mystically inclined.
And she chid and checked her ward, restored her to the usual impulsive, affectionate demureness.
At such times she wished with all her force that she could travel like a cablegram to Australia.
As soon as she was up and dressed she had somebody to answer, something to say, something to do.
In her wistfulness and her tender pathos, Alvina’s eyes would deepen their blue, so beautiful.
Miss Frost’s brother had these latter, at his own request: the books and music, and the piano.
Still—his obstinate spirit rose—he was quite prepared to risk everything on this last throw.
He smiled down at her and fixed her and swayed his head, and said quite original things, really.
If only she could have got into the right state of mind, she would really rather have liked him.
“You don’t go walks with the fellows, then?  “Father would never have it, she replied.
“He raised his hat to me.  “_You_ ought to have married him, Miss Pinnegar, said Alvina.
She looked ghastly and terrible, with her mask-like face and her stony eyes and her bluish lips.
He bowed to her in his best American fashion, and treated her with admirable American deference.
She rose as if with difficulty, and held out her plump hand, on which four or five rings showed.
“Daughter of him as owns the thee-etter where you’re goin’ to act, interposed the widow.
For furniture, there were just chairs, arm-chairs, table, and a horse-hair antimacassar-ed sofa.
“Tonight, she moaned, “I shan’t be able to see that the boys’ rooms are well in order.
But don’t wake her, whatever you do.  Max took off his slippers and rose to his tall height.
A back cloth of tree-trunks and dark forest: a wigwam, a fire, and a cradle hanging from a pole.
You live in the sun, and you earn fourteen, fifteen pence a day—  “Not enough, she said.
“Well, said Madame, “and are you satisfied with your houses?  “Oh yes, said Mr. May.
Max recovered and sprang like a demon, white with rage, straight out into the theatre after him.
From under the edge of his waistcoat, on the shoulder, the blood was already staining the shirt.
He went into the house, pulled on his coat and his cap, and picked up the things from the table.
He now watched her fixedly, with a slightly mocking look, and a reserve he would not relinquish.
I have seen it before—yes—more than one time—  “But, said Alvina, laughing ruefully.
And if you go to Italy he will beat you—he will beat you—  “If I let him, said Alvina.
“You will come, won’t you? she repeated, staring at him with strained, unseeing blue eyes.
But all the others—why, you see, they are men, and they know which side to butter their bread.
And Alvina did not know whether she was sceptical, or jealous, or admiring, or really impressed.
“We are one tribe, one nation—say it.  “We are one tribe, one nation, repeated Alvina.
“And I can hardly bear it that I love you so much, she said, quavering, across the potatoes.
We’ll hope for the best, replied Miss Pinnegar, arranging the bread and butter on the plate.
“Do you imagine it is? said Miss Pinnegar, turning point blank on him as he sat by the fire.
You could hear them crying in the night, in the frost—  “How terrifying—! said Alvina.
And are you _really_ going to _tour_ with these young people—? he indicated Ciccio and Gigi.
However, I don’t think the realization of the property would amount to less than the estimate.
Looking, she made out the white cross at Miss Frost’s grave, the grey stone at her parents’.
How often, how many springs had Miss Frost come home with a bit of this black-thorn in her hand!
And Madame cleverly wormed out of the righteous and respectable landlady what the men had asked.
Nothing can be more cocksuredly selfish than a good heart which believes in its own beneficence.
I think the many angles which the roof makes, the different slants, you know, are so attractive.
And when the train drew away, the young men waving, the women cried aloud and sobbed after them.
And she realized that it lay in the pocket of a soiled, discarded apron—perhaps lost for ever.
“He is tying you down by too many little threads.  “Ah, well, you’ll see! said Alvina.
It was all such a whirl and confusion that Alvina lost count, relapsed into a sort of stupidity.
The women made noises, and smiled and nodded, and so the train pulsed on till they came to Rome.
Which, with its high, vaulted roof, its dirty whitewash, its great black chimney, it really was.
Maria wore the full-pleated white-sleeved dress of the peasants, and a red kerchief on her head.
‘Damn you, you’ve got to keep still till I’ve finished with you, you devil,’ so he said.
So they said to him, he must try Califano, because Califano was the only man who would stand it.
So we all fell down, he with the naked man on top of him, and the heavy cross on top of us both.
So the month of January passed, with its short days and its bits of snow and bursts of sunshine.
The place was large, whitewashed, and crowded with figures in glass cases and ex voto offerings.
Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.
This, however, does not apply in time of war to merchants from a country that is at war with us.
Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.
Aristotle insists that the essential parts of a speech are but two: the statement and the proof.
It is derived from the V inward wittes, discernment, fantasy, imagination, judgment, and memory.
The only fundamental difference lay in that the Roman was less philosophical and more practical.
Allegory has been shown to have had a long history as an extended metaphor--a rhetorical figure.
The poets praised--Gower, Chaucer, and Lydgate--deserve their fame, he says, for their morality.
For instance, except in the most advanced class, the Dido episode was deleted from the _Æneid_.
Logic proceeds by induction and syllogism, rhetoric by the enthymeme, and poetic by the example.
The poet who sings of love, praises idols, and narrates lies has a very bad effect on young men.
Allegory in the sense of Quintilian as a trope, an extended metaphor, Wilson mentions only once.
Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.
This is the one that Parrot ascended in 1829, and where Abich was repulsed on his third attempt.
None of the bullets had gone to the mark, and the bird had flown—but not to the safest refuge.
This potentate we visited in company with an English engineer whom we met in transit at Sharoud.
She could not wait for the circumlocution of diplomacy, but said: “It is all right, gentlemen.
That dignitary, although deeply interested, was almost amused at the boldness of our enterprise.
Out in this desert country we were not aware that our identity was known, or our visit expected.
Mid mutterings and threats we turned out the lights, and the crowd as well as ourselves retired.
Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States.
A Woman--and a fine one, and so fine as she ought to permit her self to be seen, and be ador’d.
_Tho Whores in all things else the Mastery get,     In this alone, like Wives, they must submit_.
Why, he’s gone, Sir; a Pox of all Mistakes and Masqueradings I say--this was your Plot, _Sham_.
Fortune, in this, has done my Sufferings right, My Rival’s in my Power, upon her Wedding-Night.
Oh, how you bless me--but you still are married, And whilst you are so--I must languish--  _Dia_.
This is the Trade you drive, you eternal Fop, when I sit at home expecting you Night after Night.
‘Tis wondrous strange; Why was not I created like the rest, Wild, and insensible, to fancy all?
Am I?--let us be more familiar then--I’ll kiss thy Hand, thy Breast, thy Lips--and--  _Flaunt_.
I’ll assure you, Sir, she’s kept, and is a great Rarity, but to a Friend, or so--  Sir _Tim_.
That shall be try’d; go to the Place where _Charles_ has directed you, and do as I command you.
I have better Bus’ness for you, than telling of Beads--No, Mrs. _Phillis_, you must be married.
--This place, Sir, is too open--come with me, For I’ve desir’d, and now resolve to kill thee.
He’s too faint-hearted that his Sentence fears, Who has the Honour to be try’d by’s Peers_.
His mock noble is a French peruke-maker, La Roch, who marries Lady Fantast’s affected daughter.
my Father has with joy consented to it, and he has leave to visit her; and can I live to see’t?
Finding out the Chimney-sweeper you spoke of, Sir, and whom you ordered me to bring this Evening.
_Antonio_,--hy, Pages, give order that _Antonio_ be instantly run through the Lungs--d’ye hear?
Whatever you do, have a care you do not overfright the Coxcomb, and make a Tragedy of our Comedy.
Perhaps the _Grand Seignior_ may like her, and to be favour’d by him in such a Glory--  _Fran_.
Damn dirty trash, your Beauty is sufficient--hum --Signior Don _Antonio_, get the Writings ready.
Our Store’s quite wasted, and our Credit’s small, Not a Fool left to bless our selves withal.
Wou’d I cou’d come to speak to _Bellmour_, which I dare not do in publick, lest I betray him.
I only bid them fight, and they obey’d me; But ‘twas my Prince that taught them how to do so.
Philander_, do not your Hope’s power distrust, ’.is time enough to die, when that’s unjust.
That sad tone of thine, _Olinda_, has almost Made me repent of my promise; but come, what is’t?
Where dost thou think thy ungrateful Soul will go, Loaded with wrongs to me, should I strike now?
Perfidious Maid, I might have thought thou’dst prove False to thy Prince, and Rival in my Love.
The Men of War cry, Pox on’t, this is dull, We are for rough Sports,--Dog Hector, and the Bull.
_The Persons in the Moon, are_ Don Cinthio, _Emperor_;    Don Charmante, _Prince of_ Thunderland.
Ay, ay, so it shall be,--_Tell me, said he, my_ Bellemante; _Will you be kind to your_ Charmante?
Ay, but he’s a Man of Wit too, Cousin, and knows when Women protest most, they likely lye most.
Such a one is not worth convincing, I wou’d not make the World wise at the expence of a Virtue.
_The Street, with the Town-Gate, where an Officer stands with a Staff like a_ London _Constable_.
Are you mad, Sir, to think I cannot see a Gentleman Farmer and a Calash, from a Baker and a Cart.
How, Sir, no marvel then, that looking towards the South, I saw such splendid Glories in the Air.
I have followed the arrangement of 4to 1671 throughout in this scene, which 1724 prints as prose.
(1691): ‘He [wore] snakebone bandstrings (or bandstrings with huge tassels).’  p. 225 _yare_.
do you stick a little Wax to the Dice to keep them together, to get the Chance, you wou’d have?
The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
Mr. Conrad spoke much of New York and his experiences there, and Chester listened to him eagerly.
“Why, yes, but——  “I think that is all you have a right to ask, said Chester, firmly.
“No; but I have a chance of one.  “Where?  “At Farmer Dexter’s.  “Don’t you go!
“I don’t know, sir.  “It must have been you that opened it, said his employer, sternly.
“If you think I can do the work, sir, I shall be glad to undertake it, said Chester, eagerly.
“No.  “Didn’t Mr. Mullins give you one?  “Yes; but I carelessly left it on the table.
Sometimes he won, sometimes he lost, but on the whole his debt to Dick Ralston didn’t increase.
You may direct letters to Palmer’s Hotel, Chicago, and they will be forwarded to me from there.
“I couldn’t go to Palmer’s on that.  “Did you go with them? asked Mullins, hopefully.
I made a sketch yesterday which Mr. Conrad thinks I will get ten dollars for.  “That is fine.
“DEAR SIR: We are about to establish a new comic weekly, which we     shall call _The Phoenix_.
All seems safe and square, and Mr. Gripp is a real gentleman.  Silas Tripp looked at his watch.
The latter he had always found reliable, while Abel was rather apt to forget what Silas told him.
I don’t wish to disturb Felix.  Dick Ralston listened with some interest to the conversation.
Sharpleigh beckoned to a tall man, dressed as a civilian, but really an officer in plain clothes.
“I only feel faint.  “It may be well not to eat very much at first.  “How kind you are!
Mr. Rand, you ought to come out and see something of the West, particularly of the Pacific coast.
From what I hear he has never given     up trying to get your mother’s property into his hands.
I am sure you will prosper.  “Thank you.  “What a fellow you are, Chester! said Edward.
But he called every day till, his business being concluded, he started on his return to New York.
The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
Do the middle-classes, particularly the lower middle-classes, give birth to more girls than boys?
The lower front consisted of two fine shops, one for Manchester goods, one for silk and woollens.
It was Miss Pinnegar who saw the travellers and ordered the unions and calicoes and grey flannel.
They found a plentiful seam of drossy, yellowish coal behind the Methodist New Connection Chapel.
She went across to her governess’s room, and found Miss Frost in a strange mood of trepidation.
“I want to be a maternity nurse— She looked strangely, even outrageously, at her governess.
Her whole state was perhaps largely the result of shock: a sort of play-acting based on hysteria.
And altogether, she looked older: she looked more than her age, which was only twenty-four years.
It isn’t you.  This from the pathetic little figure in the bed had struck Alvina like a blow.
At the back of her mind somewhere was the fixed idea, the fixed intention of finding love, a man.
Yes, Manchester House should be fitted up as a sort of quiet family hotel for the better classes.
It was a delightful place for learning to ride a bicycle, but open in full view of all the world.
“Oh, good-evening! said James, letting Alvina pass, and shutting the door in Albert’s face.
It was smeared with blood, as was the cuff of her dress—a black-and-white striped cotton dress.
She grimaced round the chapel, waiting for people to bob up their heads and take their departure.
Alvina had passed her twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth and even her twenty-ninth year.
“Who was that man? she asked sharply, as if James were a child whom she could endure no more.
“My faithful Max, my support.  Louis came smiling with a bunch of violets and pinky anemones.
Let them carry it through by themselves.  “Children—they are all children! wailed Madame.
Gesture and grimace were instantaneous, and spoke worlds of things, if you would but accept them.
“Why did they both make everybody unhappy, when they had the man they wanted, and enough money?
Then he went to the Italians down in the Marsh—he knew these people always ask for one another.
I will send you some small thing from Natcha-Kee-Tawara, and one of the young men shall bring it.
Then we shall be in time for the train.  He nodded, smiled stupidly, opened the door, and went.
“What about Houghton, for example?  Madame put down her fork, but kept her knife in her hand.
No girl who respected herself would go on as she does, throwing herself at every feller’s head.
Are you sure—  “I think I’m quite sure.  Madame scrutinized the jewels with a fine eye.
In her own heart she wanted attention and public recognition from Ciccio—none of which she got.
He stood for some moments looking at the door, and an ugly little look mounted his straight nose.
“Allaye can have no fear at all of the bear Walgatchka, he said, looking up at her comically.
Then they saw her return and slowly mount the outer stair-ladder, which went up to the top floor.
So she snuggled down into the bedclothes, shivering deliciously, for her skin had become chilled.
I shall think of my days with the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras, and of you, who were such a stranger to me.
If ever Alvina entered a clean house on a wet day, she was sure to hear the housewife chuntering.
You won’t ask me again this month, will you?  “This month? His eyes beamed with pleasure.
She was left rather cold, she did not at all feel the strong feelings he seemed to expect of her.
“You will take my ring, won’t you? he said at last, still in the strange, lamentable voice.
And as she watched she saw two men, one carrying a mandoline case and a suit-case which she knew.
“I believe I shall be like the woman in the _Cent Nouvelles_ and carry my child for five years.
She said that eating a parsley leaf on which bits of snow were sticking started the child in her.
I understood one line—  Ciccio smiled more pronouncedly as he watched her, but did not speak.
She decided to offer herself again, in a little while, for war service—in a new town this time.
For an instant, her face seemed drawn and old as she looked down at him, answering his questions.
For an instant, she swore inside herself that God Himself should not take her away from this man.
It was night, a black city, and snow falling, and no train that night across to the Gare de Lyon.
But a spasm suddenly took him, he pulled off his hat and put it over his face and sobbed into it.
The sun was already slanting to the mountain tops, shadows were falling on the gulf of the plain.
On the earthen floor glowed a great round pan of charcoal, which looked like a flat pool of fire.
In the intervals of lime-carrying she brought the invalid her soup or her coffee or her hot milk.
At the high-road, Pancrazio harnessed the ass, and after endless delay they jogged off to Ossona.
And Ciccio was looking up for her from the market beneath, searching with that quick, hasty look.
Many villages clung like pale swarms of birds to the far slopes, or perched on the hills beneath.
“You will come back, won’t you? she said, as he sat motionless in his chair in the bedroom.
The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
Both in England and on the continent this mediæval tradition persisted far into the renaissance.
It is less frequently realized that they devoted almost as little space to discussion of metrics.
We expect him to be true to life, and that is what is implied in Aristotle's imitation of nature.
It springs from the faculty of grasping great conceptions and from passion, both gifts of nature.
The Contact of Rhetoric and Poetic in Style   The coincidence of rhetoric and poetic is in style.
The main concern is with the devices used by the poets to cloak truth under the veil of allegory.
She had turned over her business in life to the kings and devoted too much attention to ornament.
As early as 1478, however, the Latin version by George of Trebizond had been published in Venice.
His _Certayne Notes of Instruction_ (1575) marks the beginning of the period of metrical studies.
He establishes this assertion on Aristotle's universal not the particular as the basis of poetic.
This _genre_ of versified oration to one's mistress was unusually popular in Elizabethan England.
And the tragic poet is an imitator and therefore thrice removed from the king and from the truth.
The purpose of poetry is to her what it had been throughout the entire period of the middle ages.
The genre is the same that includes the _Epistles_ of Ovid and the _Love Letters_ of Aristenetus.
But Aristotle and Longinus did not allow their theories of poetry to be contaminated by rhetoric.
The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
When we attempted to jot down the day’s events in our note-books they crowded closer than ever.
Nor were their prejudiced minds convinced by the ascent of Mr. Bryce twenty years later, in 1876.
The plain before us had lost nearly all its detail and color, and was merged into one vast whole.
We could even distinguish upon its northwest side a deep-cut gorge, which was not visible before.
We would send a note to General McLean, the English consul-general, who was already expecting us.
Across the desert a train of the Transcaspian railway was gliding smoothly along toward the city.
But even with his assistance, and that of the best native mechanic, our repairs were ineffective.
The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
Faith, Sir, I have thought of a thing, that may both clear your doubt, and give us a little Mirth.
Then, Sir, you shew’d so much Courage, that you may bless the Minute that forc’d you to fight.
My Life I hate, and when I live no more for _Carlos_, I’ll cease to be at all; it is resolv’d.
Let it be who it will, I’ll tell my name, it cannot injure either;--I’m _Carlos_, who are you?
_So large a Freedom shall my Virtue prove,        I’ll trust my Honour with_ Antonio’s _Love_.
Look on that Face; are there not Lines that foretel a world of Greatness, and promise much Honour?
I cannot brook a Rival in my Love, the rustling Pole of my Affection is too strong to be resisted.
Wou’d she wou’d, quickly,--then there’s her Honour sav’d, and her Ransom, which is better.
Christian, so ho ho, Slave, awake.--                                   [_Rubbing and calling him_.
We re forc’t at last to rob, (which is great pity, Though ‘tis a never-failing Bank) the City.
One that was never made in Heaven, Sir; ’.is Alderman _Fainwou’d_, and Mrs. _Leticia Bredwel_.
To fine Mr. _Bellmour_, Sir,--ay, there was a Gentleman --But rest his Soul--he’s hang’d, Sir.
Well, Sir, you have no reason to complain of my Eyes nor my Tongue neither, if rightly understood.
Be not asham’d, I’m under the same Premunire I doubt, little better than a--but let that pass.
Two fives--one and twenty--                                      [_Sets up, pulls the Hat nearer_.
But being so, if I shou’d be good-natur’d, and give thee leave to love discreetly--  L. _Ful_.
Base as he is, ‘twas he expos’d this Treasure; Like silly Indians barter’d thee for Trifles.
There is a slight underplot which deals with the amours of Aminta, sister to Pisaro, and Alcander.
Alcippus_, is’t a time to think of Weddings, When the disorder’d Troops require your Presence?
But see, my Father comes: Madam, withdraw a while, And once again I’ll try my interest with him.
He nought but sighs and calls upon your name, And vows you are the cruell’st Maid that breathes.
Dear Sir, retire into this inner room, And there repose awhile: Alas, I see disorder in your Face.
’.was Love that made him this rash act commit; Had she been kind, ‘t had taught him to submit.
A Soul that from Elysium made escape,    [_As she comes towards him, he goes back in great amaze_.
Here, here,--I had almost forgot the Letters; here’s one for you, and one for Mrs. _Bellemante_.
The same slip occurs in this same scene (p. 20, l. 23) when Friendlove is alluded to as Dresswell.
Fletcher’s _Monsieur Thomas_, Act ii, III, where Thomas says:--      Do not ye see me alter’d?
Wouldn’t it have been better, he asked himself, to accept reduced wages than to give up his job?
Some of them got me into trouble with the teacher.  “I can imagine it, if you caricatured him.
He’d better have stayed where he lived, and then he’d have had a claim to go to the poorhouse.
But won’t it be too much for your mother?  “It’s the expense I am thinking of, Mr. Morris.
You know I have lost my situation, and mother has no shoes to bind.  “I can help you, Chester.
The Northern Pacific Railroad had not been completed, and there was no certainty when it would be.
I dare say he feels poorer than I do.  “Such men ought not to have money, growled the tramp.
After supper the tramp, who said his name was Robert Ramsay, took out his pipe and began to smoke.
He wanted to see what impression this, his maiden effort, would have on a staid man of middle age.
“The receipt has been found, and he drew out the slip of paper and passed it to Mr. Fairchild.
You might win it in one evening.  “Or lose as much more.  “There’s no such word as fail!
Accordingly he went to the Fifth Avenue Hotel and telegraphed to Chicago:      “I am discharged.
Whatever talent he might have had originally had been dulled and obscured by chronic intemperance.
“Chester Rand.  “I never heard of you.  “I am only a beginner, said Chester, modestly.
His personal expenses were greater than they had been, on account of having a more expensive room.
Yet altogether they did not exceed twelve dollars per week, leaving him a balance of twenty-three.
Tacoma he found was situated, like San Francisco, on a side hill, sloping down toward Puget Sound.
Now come along.  Abner Trimble lived in a comfortable dwelling in the nicer portion of the city.
“You see, my dear, he said, gently, “that there can be no doubt about poor Edward’s death.
This elegant Adam of commerce gave Eve her own back, nicely cored, and had no more to do with her.
No French marquis in a Dickens’ novel could have been more elegant and _raffiné_ and heartless.
Meanwhile his wife became more and more an invalid; the little Alvina was a pretty, growing child.
From her room in the shadows at the back the invalid heard the hammering and sawing, and suffered.
His piqué costumes with glass buttons and sort of steel-trimming collars and cuffs were immortal.
And she was not sure whether she hated the repulsive element, or whether she rather gloried in it.
He did not even mention the grief of her parting from her English parents and friends: not a word.
Dr. Fordham didn’t approve, certainly he didn’t—but neither did he see any great harm in it.
Instead of a trousseau, nurse’s uniforms in fine blue-and-white stripe, with great white aprons.
They all preferred either a simple mid-wife, or a nurse procured out of the unknown by the doctor.
Miss Frost wept in anguish, and saw nothing but another woman betrayed to sorrow and a slow death.
Miss Frost lifted her eyes:  “There’s no need, she said, and she smiled winsomely at Alvina.
“Oh, I have a walk with Lucy Grainger—or I go down to Hallam’s—or go home, she answered.
“A rotten pair of things to have, to put a man’s life in danger, he said, towards the steps.
Well, well—no sense of shame—no sense of shame—  And Miss Pinnegar padded out of the room.
I shall be _most_ obliged, if it _is_ done.  Arthur was annoyed, but he was kept to the scratch.
James seemed for the time being wrapt in his undertaking—particularly in the takings part of it.
It’s because they can spread themselves over a film, and they _can’t_ over a living performer.
So that Alvina had opportunity to come into contact with all the odd people of the inferior stage.
What are you talking about?  “Take the thermometer, said Geoffrey roughly, but with feeling.
Ahimé, che amico, che ragazzo duro, aspero—  “Trova? said Ciccio, with a curl of the lip.
But Madame’s softness could flash into wild energy, sudden convulsive power, like a cuttle-fish.
His rather bony fists were clenched beneath his loose shirt-cuffs, his eyebrows tragically lifted.
The Natcha-Kee-Tawara Troupe upon request would signalize its entry into any town by a procession.
“I’ll be the squaw, cried Mr. May in English, breaking off and turning round to the company.
He fell in suddenly behind Geoffrey, with a jerk of his steed, calling out to Geoffrey in Italian.
It is all head, all head: the kindness of the head.  “I can’t agree with you, said Alvina.
Then he picked up his hat, and put his foot on his half-smoked cigarette, which lay smoking still.
Where else—! But his tone was a little spiteful, as if he had rested his last hopes on Alvina.
or show-woman!—which doesn’t improve it, to my idea.  “Why is it any worse? said Alvina.
“But can the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras afford to pay a pianist for themselves?  “No, said Madame.
Madame became paler, her eyes blacker, with the wine she drank, her voice became a little raucous.
“This is the squaw Allaye, this is the daughter of Kishwégin, she said, in her Tawara manner.
“Nay, lass, said the woman, “if you share niver a drop o’ th’ lashins, you mun split it.
Alvina, who knew well enough how to prepare a simple dinner, was offended by Madame’s exactions.
_I_ begin to find it a little _bitter_!  Poor man, he had already gone quite yellow in the face.
But she has decided to open a little business in Tamworth, where she has relations.  “Has she!
But I expect it will be through in a few days’ time.  “And are all the claims in?  “Yes.
If we must leave the dear country—then _adieu!_ And she gravely bowed to an imaginary England.
It is what do you want to do yourself.  “I feel you don’t want me very badly, said Alvina.
“And perhaps, said Madame, “per-haps you will come to Wigan tomorrow afternoon—or evening?
“I hadna time for owt else. Dr. Mitchell was just stooping his handsome figure in the doorway.
Why, when I was twenty I felt I had all the cares and responsibility of the world on my shoulders.
He would teach her to drive, and they would sit side by side, she driving him and waiting for him.
She wondered if the troupe was in England: if they would continue together when Geoffrey was gone.
!—prostituted—  “Perhaps life itself is something bigger than intelligence, said Alvina.
“Why not _be_ atavistic if you _can_ be, and follow at a man’s heel just because he’s a man.
There was no wonderful intimacy of speech, such as she had always imagined, and always craved for.
And Alvina and Ciccio looked at the sun, which stood a little to the right of the ship’s course.
He was on his feet with his back to the inner window, rolling slightly to the motion of the train.
Alvina, looking out, saw the two unfamiliar engines snorting out their smoke round the bend ahead.
The compartment was full of large, mountain-peasants with black hats and big cloaks and overcoats.
Peering ahead, Alvina thought she saw the hollow between the peaks, which was the top of the pass.
So she would sit on the settle and drink her coffee and milk, into which she dipped her dry bread.
Ah! Here the odd, arch, diabolic yellow flare lit up through the stoicism of Pancrazio’s eyes.
“Do you think I shall ever be able to come here alone and do my shopping by myself? she asked.
For the houses had that sordid, ramshackle, slummy look almost invariable on an Italian high-road.
Some one told her that wherever Venus had shed a tear for Adonis, one of these flowers had sprung.
Thus, to Dionysius, the diction of prose and the diction of poetry approach each other as a limit.
Here, perhaps, Hawes is using the word rhetorician more closely than usual in its classical sense.
That Sidney himself was not, however, carried away by the analogy is apparent from other passages.
He praises very highly such _sententiae_ as Virtue keeps its luster untarnished, and know thyself.
He classified the aims of an orator as to teach, to please, to move (_docere, delectare, movere_).
One can almost see the gestures, the wait for applause after the enunciation of a noble platitude.
Among these allegorical or indirect means of expression used by the poet to veil truth are fables.
Not all poetry, according to Puttenham, is given over to refreshing the mind by the ear's delight.
Most of these critics believed that the moral effect which poetry did exert came through allegory.
We then instructed the rest of the party to return to the Kurdish encampment and await our return.
The heat of our bodies melted the ice beneath us, and our clothes became saturated with ice-water.
The cold chicken and bread tasted like sawdust, for we had no saliva with which to masticate them.
The ferashes with frantic steeds dashed ahead to seek a place of shelter, and we saw them no more.
Our two weeks’ journey was almost ended, for the city of Meshed was now in view, ten miles away.
The largest of these, Jarkend, is the coming frontier town, to take the place of evacuated Kuldja.
For miles away they would see us coming, and crane their necks in wondering gaze as we approached.
The other, with the aid of our small medicine supply, endeavored to ward off the ominous symptoms.
Some of the most frequented roads have been excavated to depths of from forty to one hundred feet.
Each had a portly, well-fed appearance, with a pompous, dignified mien overspreading his features.
The servant by whom we had sent in our Chinese visiting-cards returned and asked us to follow him.
My Eye-sight is good enough to see thee in all thy Colours, thou Knight of the burning Pestle thou.
The Rogue took Courage, when he saw there was no Remedy; but there’s no hurt done on either side.
I have no Home, unless thou mean’st my Grave, And thither I cou’d wish thou wou’d conduct me.
haste then and get one--I’ll have it done immediately, whilst I go after her to keep up my flame.
My Sister’s Wrongs, and mine, may plead Excuse, But those to her alone can ne’er be pardon’d.
--Stand off, or to the number I’ll add one Sin more, And make my Passage to it through thy Heart.
--Like penitent Criminals thus--with my Eyes declin’d, I bow my Head down, for the last sad Blow.
On equal Grounds you’ll scarce know one from t’other; We are as like, as Brother is to Brother.
Why, was there such hurt in desiring you to go that you might make haste back again,--Oh, my fears!
What a Dishonour’s this to me, to have so dull a Father, that needs to be instructed in his Duty.
Whither, Sir, to my own Son’s house; is there such danger in coming a mile or two out of _Cadiz_?
| This, Widows, you--I mean the old and tough--        | Will never think, be they but Fool enough.
--’Tis he--’tis very _Bellmour!_ or so like-- I cannot doubt but thou deserv’st this Welcome.
or is his Worship mad, or does he think me mad?--go, prithee tell him I’ll come to him to morrow.
Adod, I long for night, we are not half in kelter, this damn’d Ghost will not out of my Head yet.
But I, by Heaven, will never be that Victim: But where my Soul is vow’d, ‘tis fix’d for ever.
I’m glad thou hast her, _Harry_; but doubt thou durst not own her; nay dar’st not own thy self.
Sir, you must know I stole away Mrs. _Dy_, and brought her to _Ned’s_ Chamber here--to marry her.
More years may teach you better; the mean while, If you can’t mend your Morals, mend your Style_.
Come, clear up, my Lord, and do not hang the head Like Flowers in storms; the Sun will shine again.
Nothing that’s done shall e’er inrage me more, Honour’s the Mistress I’ll henceforth adore.
But ‘twas my Sister’s Kindness that preserv’d thee And I prefer’d my Vengeance to the Gods.
But since my Ignorance of his Person saves his Life, live and possess him, till I can discover him.
E’er since I lov’d and trusted thee, false Varlet.--See here, the Witness of my Love and Shame.
If you have, ‘tis but Trick for your Trick, Seignior _Scaramouch_, and you may spare the Pumping.
This is a Gentleman, and that a--ha--                                        [_Looks about on_ Har.
The Emperor wou’d have you rise, Sir, he will expect no Ceremony from the Father of his Mistress.
They roar so loud, you’d think behind the stairs,     Tom Dove, and all the brotherhood of bears.
_The Lucky Chance_, ii, II: ‘The Gad-Bee’s in his Quonundrum’ and note on that passage infra.
John Bowman (or Boman) who acted Bredwel had ‘as a boy’ joined the Duke’s Company about 1673.
The make-up and costume of Pierrot (Pedrolino) circa 1673 is thus described: ‘La figure blanchie.
For the first time Chester began to understand the difference between manual and intelligent labor.
“He ought to contribute the expense of his sickness.  “I will go and see him, said Chester.
Do your folks go to bed early, Chester?  “Not before ten, answered Chester, in some surprise.
You live in Wyncombe, don’t you?  “Yes; the houses are all of wood there.  “I suppose so.
“He’s a hard man and a tricky one.  “He will come in soon if you can wait.  “I can’t.
I say, wife, perhaps this young gentleman will stay to supper.  “Thank you, answered Chester.
How soon shall you try to get even with that boy?  “I think it will be prudent to wait a while.
He could understand that, though the professor was a kind-hearted man, he would be a strict critic.
“Yes, sir.  “And you come from Clement Fairchild?  “Yes, sir.  “This is very curious.
Mullins, you go, too!  “Thank you, but I don’t drink—at any rate, when I am away from home.
I was kept so busy to-day that I had hardly time to buy a sandwich for lunch.  “All the better!
I live at Seattle.  “Am I right about there being a future for the place? asked Paul Perkins.
A man who will treat his old father as he has treated you will never prosper.  “Thank you, sir.
One was labeled one thousand dollars, another five hundred dollars and a third two hundred dollars.
He said he hadn’t as much money in the drawer, and went to the safe in the back part of the bank.
You remember how you came to know about the drowning?  “No, I forget.  Abner Trimble frowned.
It belonged to his wife when he married her, and he had simply taken up his residence in her house.
Trimble, said the lawyer, rising, “allow me to congratulate you on the happy event of this day.
Chester’s got rather high notions, but I can’t afford to pay extravagant prices.  “Just so.
I live at home and manage her business, besides filling a responsible place in a broker’s office.
The inhabitants of Woodhouse were afraid lest James Houghton should impose his standards upon them.
She, poor lady, was thoroughly scared by Israfel, and completely unhooked by the vagaries of James.
And then James Houghton resented something in the coarse Scotch manner of the minister of that day.
Miss Pinnegar would have aided and abetted him in another scheme, if it would but have cheered him.
If Alvina wanted to make her fortune—or even her living—she should have gone to a strange town.
You see th’ bed’s soft, it’s a sort o’ clay-bind, it’s not clunch such as you get deeper.
For truly nothing could be more hideous than Woodhouse, as the miners had built it and disposed it.
What do _you_ think of the scheme?  “I?—well—! Alvina hesitated, then broke into a laugh.
He wanted power—and he would creep quietly after it till he got it: as much as he was capable of.
It was Saturday evening, and her father had opened the shop, Miss Pinnegar had gone to Knarborough.
None the less he sallied out with all his old bright perkiness, the next time he had to meet James.
But _then_—all we need is to make a start.  “And you are going to work the film? she asked.
There was something a little dainty about him, when you knew him better—really rather fastidious.
James was counting pennies for his life, in the cash-place, and dropping them into a Gladstone bag.
“Why, to me the whole joy is in the living personality, the curious _personality_ of the artiste.
“_He’s_ a handsome young man, now! exclaimed her companion one evening as the navvies passed.
The other daughters of respectable tradesmen avoided her now, or spoke to her only from a distance.
And moreover, he was getting old and shaky, and Sunday was the one evening he might spend in peace.
He cocked his head on one side, and, laying his hand on Max’s arm, entertained him in odd German.
He made another gesture this time: pressed down the corners of his mouth as if he didn’t like it.
“But Madame, said Alvina, nettled, “I should never be half such a good business woman as you.
All the time it rained, and his back wheel slipped under him, in the mud and on the new tram-track.
She became something quite different: fresh, virginal, pristine, a magic creature flickering there.
Alvina went to lie down in her father’s little, rather chilly chamber at the end of the corridor.
And he kissed her with a finesse, a passionate finesse which seemed like coals of fire on her head.
She turned, slipped past, ran indoors and upstairs to the little bare bedroom she had made her own.
And will you keep on the theatre—with Mr. May—?  Ciccio was sitting looking towards the fire.
And then he beats you—  There seemed to be a gathering triumph in Madame’s bright black eyes.
I should say, not a _large_ fortune—!  “No—eh? Madame kept him fixed with her black eyes.
She could see their mouths all smiling, their teeth white as they cried in their throats: “Vaali!
He gave an odd, half-gay, half-mocking twitch of his thick dark brows, and began to laugh silently.
And then there was a kissing and a taking of farewells, as if the company were separating for ever.
A fair number of Woodhouse young people were strolling along the pavements in their Sunday clothes.
“We couldn’t take it, could we?  “Every penny shows in the books.  Alvina pondered again.
And he was too much an old bachelor to take easily to a fondling habit—before marriage, at least.
So he mercifully left her alone: he was on the whole devoutly thankful she wanted to be left alone.
But now something unfolded in him, he was a potent, glamorous presence, people turned to watch him.
There were many people at the Consulate, clamouring for passports—a wild and ill-regulated crowd.
And his face had a dark luminousness, like a dark transparence which was shut and has now expanded.
“_Toujours à toi!_ said Geoffrey, with a strange, solemn salute in front of Ciccio and Alvina.
He picked the strips off the sausage for her with his fingers, and made her a sandwich with a roll.
“You see, said Pancrazio, “I think you might be more comfortable here, than in my poor house.
At last Giovanni took his leave—the kettle which hung on the hook over the fire was boiling over.
Instinctively he shut off all masculine communication from her, particularly politics and religion.
(17) Ordinary lawsuits shall not follow the royal court around, but shall be held in a fixed place.
Indeed, we will compel any of our subjects who are unwilling to take it to swear it at our command.
Both we and the barons have sworn that all this shall be observed in good faith and without deceit.
In this field it is my privilege only to review and to supplement what has already been discovered.
To defend poetic against the strictures of his master Aristotle reads more into the word than that.
At any rate, Puttenham is primarily concerned with teaching his contemporaries how to write verses.
Then he tells how Aesop defended a demagogue by the fable of the fox caught in the cleft of a rock.
The enthymeme is a rhetorical syllogism, usually with the conclusion or either premise unexpressed.
He must move his readers to share the emotions of his characters, to shun vice, and embrace virtue.
Even the Angora dogs and cats are remarkable for the extraordinary length of their fleecy covering.
When we were seen approaching, several horsemen came out to get a first look at our strange horses.
Arrowheads and other relics are every day unearthed there, to serve as toys for the street urchins.
A still more serviceable friend in this direction is the _smarmar_, a pink thrush with black wings.
As he gets money and power, and becomes “contaminated by western civilization, he deteriorates.
The photographer stood serenely innocent, and winked at the zaptieh to give the proper explanation.
The flocks at last came home; the shouts of the shepherds ceased; darkness fell; and all was quiet.
Dropping our wheels, we groped round on hands and knees, to find, if possible, some trace of water.
Six weeks were spent with our English and American acquaintances, and still no answer was received.
The administration buildings of the city are for the most part exceedingly plain and unpretentious.
The road was lined by the occupants of a neighboring tent village, who had run out to see the race.
This fact alone was sufficient to warrant him in posing as instructor for the rest of the assembly.
Our sleeping-bags were now put to a severe test between the damp ground and the heavy mountain dew.
A regular line of caravan stations is maintained by the constant traffic both in winter and summer.
Our own experience, however, had taught us that a revolver in China was worth nothing if not shown.
Not a mouthful can be taken until the host raises his chop-sticks in the air, and gives the signal.
“What was your real object in undertaking such a peculiar journey? he asked rather impatiently.
Suppose you had been killed out in the interior of Asia, no one would ever have heard of you again.
Li-Hung-Chang is China’s intellectual height, from whom emanate nearly all her progressive ideas.
Oh, if I am so wretched to be his, Surely I cannot live; For, Sir, I must confess I cannot love him.
Take you no care for that; for she loves you already, and I have resolv’d it, which is better yet.
--No, Sir, she’s chaste, as are the new-made Vows I breath’d upon her Lips, when last we parted.
That stak’d a wretched Fortune to all my Joys of Life, And like a prodigal Gamester lost that all.
Oh, were my old Master alive, this wou’d break his Heart: Oh, Sir, you’ve kill’d your Brother!
all my Good I owe, My Life, my Fortune, and my Honour too, Since all had perish’d by a broken Vow.
To judge against me then wou’d be Ill-Nature, For Men are kind to those they’re like in Feature.
For my sake spare him, and be Friends with him, as far as you may deign to be with a little Citizen.
All--why, they’ll make Eunuchs of us, my Lord, Eunuchs of us poor men, and lie with all our Wives.
Hold, hold, I say, you are now in the presence of Ladies, and ’.is uncivil to fight before Ladies.
I shall rave; false and lovely as you are, did you not swear to marry me, and make me a Viscountess.
Love--no, we are married now, and People of our Quality never Love after Marriage; ‘tis not great.
Gayman was played by Frank Leigh, son of the famous low comedian; Sir Feeble Fainwou’d by Bullock.
No, Sir, it was for my diversion indeed; but I assure you, I travell’d into _Ireland_ a-foot, Sir.
No, Sir, you see I am better provided--                                  [_Takes_ Gayman’s _hand_.
So--they are gone to Bed; and now for _Bredwel_ --the Coach waits, and I’ll take this opportunity.
‘Twas Jealousy, _Alcippus_, that wild Monster, Who never leaves us till he has thus betray’d us.
Alcander_, thou hast peace about thee, and canst judge Better than I, ‘twixt what is just and fit.
--But yet I say again, it was not I, --Let me behold this face, That durst appear in such a Villany.
My Liberty and my Repose I gave, To be admitted but your Slave; And can you question such a Victory?
_Speak louder_, Jevern, _if you’d have me repeat; Plague of this Rogue, he will betray the Cheat_.
This does not divert me; Nor nothing will, till _Scaramouch_ return, And bring me News of _Cinthio_.
Ay, we that spend our Lives and Fortunes here to serve you,--to be us’d like Pimps and Scoundrels.
_whips a Frock over himself, and puts down the hind part of the     Chariot, and then ‘tis a Cart.
Heard it, yes, Fool,--’tis the Musick of the Spheres, the Emperor of the Moon World is descending.
Leo _his strength and Majesty_,       Virgo _her blushing Modesty,       And_ Libra _all his Equity.
This Dedication and the Preface (p. 185) are only found in the 4to 1687. p. 190 _Dramatis Personae_.
I have added ‘Page; _Florinda_, Cousin to _Elaria_ and _Bellemante_.’  p. 398, l. 4 _otherwise_.
Ford’s _The Lady’s Trial_ (1639), v, I: ‘One can ... pick a pocket, Pad for a cloak or hat’.
I will keep them with my own papers.  At this time Tacoma contained only four hundred inhabitants.
“You haven’t missed money before, have you?  “Not to my knowledge, but he must have took it.
“So you’ve come, have you, you young thief? said Silas, sternly, as Chester entered the store.
“Probably he stole it from your store last night, said the constable, with good-natured sarcasm.
“I will do what I can to pay you for the sacrifice you are making.  Just then the doorbell rang.
He could not understand why Felix Gordon, his cousin, had failed to impress Mr. Fairchild favorably.
My plan is to have the boy offend Mr. Fairchild’s prejudices, and that may make a vacancy for you.
Of course, I shall feel at liberty to copy and use any illustrations I find in foreign publications.
Over a desk in a corner was hung the photograph of a football team, of which Arthur was the captain.
The clerk was giving instructions to a bell boy, who was directed to carry a visitor’s card to No.
“Then give the name of your firm.  So Chester, after slight hesitation, wrote:  “Chester Rand.
“How long did it take you to draw this picture?  “A little over half an hour.  “Jerusalem!
At this moment a dignified-looking gentleman living on West Forty-seventh Street entered the office.
“Yes; my name is Chester Rand.  “What! exclaimed the brown-haired man, almost incredulously.
Two days later Chester was walking through Union Square when he came face to face with Felix Gordon.
I like to be appreciated by somebody.  At the dinner table Chester was introduced to Prof. Nugent.
I should like nothing better.  The next afternoon Chester chanced to enter the Fifth Avenue Hotel.
“Do you see that man? he asked, pointing to a black-bearded man on the other side of the street.
Let me introduce my friend, Chester Rand.  “Glad to meet you, Mr. Rand, said Wilson, heartily.
“I don’t know him.  “How do you explain this, Mr. Floyd? asked Mrs. Trimble, suspiciously.
But it so happened that Chester himself came into the store in five minutes, and confirmed the news.
After the sale, however, James Houghton felt himself at liberty to plunge into an orgy of new stock.
He marked down his prints, his chintzes, his dimities and his veilings with a grand and lavish hand.
Then occasionally there was a magic lantern or a penny reading, to which Miss Frost accompanied her.
You would be entirely unprotected.  “I don’t mind being unprotected, said Alvina perversely.
To her it seemed so shallow and heartless, with terms of endearment stuck in like exclamation marks.
But the curious insolence which sometimes came out in the girl was inherited direct from her father.
As Alvina sat motionless in the train, running from Woodhouse to Tibshelf, it decided itself in her.
She was very glad that Alvina had returned to take this responsibility of nursing off her shoulders.
The universe should be something else, and not what it is: so the nonsense of idealistic conclusion.
The two were talking of Dr. Headley, who, they read in the newspaper, had disgraced himself finally.
She felt herself melting out also, to become a mere vocal ghost, a presence in the thick atmosphere.
“Poor Miss Frost, cried Mrs. Lawson, weeping rather bitterly—“she saved nothing for herself.
That was what it had come to, with James’s declining fortunes: she was merely _considered_ a lady.
This time next year I expect I shall be sailing back to the Cape. He smiled as if in anticipation.
“It’s not so very bad, when the pain goes off, she said, noticing the black hairs of his shin.
But _then_—that isn’t the point—  He spread his plump hands from his immaculate shirt-cuffs.
It was old and sordid-looking, painted dark-red and dishevelled with narrow, tattered announcements.
There was a fat porker and a fat pork-pie, and the pig was saying: “You all know where to find me.
I believe they’re jealous.  “Oh nonsense! exploded Mr. May, starting as if he had been shot.
“You see, said Madame to Alvina, “they are very funny, these young men, particularly Italians.
I think we’ve done very well, in face of difficulties, don’t you?  “Wonderfully, she said.
No more?  “A hundred and twenty—  “Where is it?  “In my bag at the station—in notes.
And I’ve got a little here— Alvina opened her purse, and took out some little gold and silver.
They had horribly low standards—such low standards—not only of morality, but of life altogether.
And Alvina, as she sat beside him, was reminded of the woman with the negro husband, down in Lumley.
The breach between her and them was established for ever—and it was her will which established it.
So they played on, till Mr. May and Geoffrey had won all the pennies, except twopence of Ciccio’s.
Ciccio held up his glass, looked at Alvina, made a little mouth at her, comical, and drank his beer.
How are you going to ride to Mansfield, hein?—great beast.  “Ciccio, said Geoffrey solemnly.
I shall go away, anyhow.  “You will go away? said the lawyer, and he studied his finger-nails.
The piano—even mother’s portrait—  “It’s impossible to believe it, said Miss Pinnegar.
She wrote out her application, took the tram to the Town Hall and dropped it in the letterbox there.
With the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras, she had improved a good deal, her colour and her strength had returned.
If a man must loftily, by his manner, assert that he is _now_ a gentleman, he shows himself a clown.
“We are so used to being disturbed.  “Rather weak, doctor? said the matron, pouring the tea.
In Scarborough they went to the registrar’s office: they could be married in a fortnight’s time.
His name was Giuseppe Califano, and he was pale, and he had four children of whom he was very proud.
There was a tense, eager, frightened crowd, and officials shouting directions in French and English.
There was a house, and a lurid red fire burning outside against the wall, and dark figures about it.
The market was lovely, there in the crown of the pass, in the old town, on the frosty sunny morning.
He was building a little earth closet also: the obvious and unscreened place outside was impossible.
She understood also why he was so glad to have her in his house, so proud, why he loved serving her.
There would sometimes be a strange passivity on his worn face, an impassive, almost Red Indian look.
To tell the truth, she was happy in the quietness with Ciccio, now they had their own pleasant room.
I can’t stay here very long without you.  “You will have Pancrazio—and the child, he said.
Yet Demosthenes when moved by passion attains the sublimity of intensity and strikes like lightning.
This is significant, again, of the classical opinion that the most important poetical form is drama.
Whether Farnaby had read the works of these gentlemen through from cover to cover is another matter.
All of them were taken to be occupied with proving something in an effort to make other people good.
The purpose of poetry, as well as of rhetoric, was to them persuasion--to teach, to please, to move.
It is not transferred to poetic until George Whetstone's _Dedication_ to his _Promos and Cassandra_.
When we had finally completed our travels in the Flowery Kingdom, we sailed from Shanghai for Japan.
That gentleman we found extremely good-natured; he laughed heartily at our escapade with the guards.
The spirit of insubordination seemed to be increasing in direct ratio with the height of our ascent.
As we had only a limited supply, to be used to dilute the snow-water, we were obliged to refuse him.
We had come to a broad snow-field where the donkeys stuck fast and rolled over helpless in the snow.
There remained just as little trace of the crosses left by Parrot and Chodzko, as of the ark itself.
That night we sat again around the Kurdish camp-fire, surrounded by the same group of curious faces.
Owing to the carelessness of the postal officials, legations and consulates employ special couriers.
A sudden turn round a mountain-spur, and before us was presented to view Mount Demavend and Teheran.
In half an hour a whole village may vanish, emigrating northward in summer, and southward in winter.
By no possibility could we mount our machines, although the mob was growing more and more impatient.
“I was afraid you would be taken sick on the road ever since I heard you had started across China.
Do you take me for a Country Squire, whose Reputation will be crackt at the loss of a petty Thousand?
--Well, I see there’s no opposing Destiny; And I have still such tenderness for thee,    [_To_ Dia.
How can that be a Marriage, when he who join’d us, was but a hired Fellow, dress’d like a Parson?
Don Carlos, however, claims his mistress by reason of his former contract, which is perforce allowed.
‘Tis true, you are fair; but if there be any Inequality in our births, the advantage is on my side.
I’ll warrant you I’ll banter him till you have cuckolded him, if you manage matters as well as I.
speak to the Emperor, he understands thee, though he deign not to hold discourse with Christian Dogs.
| Shou’d we shew each her own partic’lar Dear, What they admire at home, they wou’d loath here.
Madam, this is an excellent time for’t, my Master being gone to give my Sister _Leticia_ at Church.
Why, you gormandizing Vermin you, what have you done with the Three pence I gave you a fortnight ago.
‘Tis true, Sir, and Time will make me more familiar with you, but yet my Virgin Modesty forbids it.
We are not all one Man’s Children; faith, Sir, we are here to Day, and gone to Morrow--  Sir _Cau_.
I know his Virtue justifies my Choice: But Pride and Modesty forbids I shou’d unlov’d pursue him.
Yes, Friend, I have my Pardon-- But hark, I think we are pursu’d already-- But now I fear no force.
The prince, indeed, threatens to kill Alcippus, upon which Galatea declares she will poniard Erminia.
Ay, _Aminta_, in every thing but Love; And sure they cannot be in that: What say’st thou, _Olinda_?
Not so well scap’d neither, Madam, but I Have left still a few testimonies of their Severity to me.
Ah, do not go, I know not by what Magick,                                               [_Holds her_.
I’ve hardly so much Calmness left to answer thee, And tell thee, Prince, thou art deceiv’d in me.
Let me be damn’d as thou art, if I do;             [_Throws her on a Bed, he sits down in a Chair_.
Then to compleat thy happiness, Take _Galatea_, since her Passion merits thee, As do thy Virtues her.
Such a Conundrum,--Well, if there be wise Men and Conjurers in the World, they are intriguing Lovers.
I languish   when from you, and am wounded when I see you, and yet I am   eternally courting my Pain.
I’ll to the Gipsy, though I venture banging,   To be undeceiv’d, ‘tis hardly worth the hanging.
By all the Honour of your House, by my unseparable Veneration for the Mathematicks, ‘tis true, Sir.
I presume, by your whispering, Sir, you wou’d be private, and humbly begging pardon, take my leave.
4tos 1682 and 1697 read ‘Goes in.’ But Carlos, obviously, does not leave the stage at this point.
Southampton House, Bloomsbury, occupied the whole of the north side of the present Bloomsbury Square.
(Raps people on their backs, and twirls their hats, and then looks demurely, as if he did not do it.)
Ravenscroft has no less than three cuckolds in his Dramatis Personae: Doodle, Dashwell, and Wiseacre.
In the days of Charles II it was famous for its chapmen, vendors of ballads with rough woodcuts atop.
The original scenes were produced by the Italian comedians at the Hôtel de Bourgogne, 5 March, 1684.
If you see Abel Wood, you can tell him I want to see him.  “I will, answered Chester, bitterly.
“Won’t you come in and take a cup of coffee while Chester is finishing his breakfast? she said.
I suppose you haven’t any houses like that in Wyncombe?  “Oh, no.  “We will turn down here.
Chester stopped short in dismay, and an expression of pain succeeded the gay look on Arthur’s face.
Felix will take your place for the present.  “Yes, Cousin David, returned Felix, with alacrity.
“What’s that? asked Felix, in surprise, for he was quite unaware of Chester’s artistic gifts.
“Yes, I saw your mother the day before I set out.  “And is she well? asked Edward, anxiously.
“I am Chester Rand, with whom you have had some correspondence, said Chester, tendering his card.
This was Trimble, and his appearance indicated that he patronized the liquors he dispensed to others.
I’ll suggest it to the old lady myself.  “When do you want me to go up to the house?  “Now.
Ed and I was regular cronies.  Mrs. Trimble looked at the man before her, and was mildly surprised.
He did not drink or smoke, was abstemious and clean as an anchorite, and never lowered his fine tone.
She controlled the maid, and suggested the meals—meals which James ate without knowing what he ate.
Perhaps it was Alexandra, Princess of Wales, who gave glory to the slim, glove-fitting Princess Robe.
Let us remark in time that Miss Frost had already ceased to draw any maintenance from James Houghton.
In short, when his daughter Alvina was about twenty-seven years old, Throttle-Ha’penny closed down.
“Australia isn’t the only other place besides Woodhouse.  Miss Pinnegar was naturally offended.
What exactly do you mean by a maternity nurse?  “A trained mid-wife, said Miss Pinnegar curtly.
When she came home to Woodhouse at Easter, in her bonnet and cloak, everybody was simply knocked out.
And though she would have like to do so, yet that inflexible stiffness of her backbone prevented her.
Arthur lifted his blue eyes to her, and Mrs. Witham appeared in the background, in the inner doorway.
Alvina got on better with his wife, who watched closely to learn from her guest the secret of repose.
He was tall and thin and brittle, with a pale, rather dry, flattish face, and with curious pale eyes.
It seems to me that’s what we’ve got to recognize if we’re going to do anything with education.
“You don’t find that the new connections make up for the old?  “Not altogether, they don’t.
Suddenly there was a terrific crash and bang and tumble, up in the organ-loft, followed by a cursing.
Feeling curious, she went out of the Chapel to the stairs in the side porch, and ran up to the organ.
She stared for many hours at the light of the street-lamp, and there was a narrowed look in her eyes.
I don’t mean anything by them.  “Oh, as for that, he said, taking the words out of her mouth.
Alvina fell again into humility and fear: she began to show symptoms of her mother’s heart trouble.
And the slow-footed years, so heavy in passing, were so imperceptibly numerous in their accumulation.
Looking out on a changing world, it was the popular novelties which had the last fascination for him.
“Yes, he said with pride, “I spend every evening with the operator at Marsh’s in Knarborough.
Miss Poppy eyed him as if he were a cuckoo-clock, and she had to wait till he’d finished cuckooing.
Particularly with the Jap, who was almost quite naked, but clothed with the most exquisite tattooing.
“Thank you.  While Alvina sewed on the button, Madame spoke to her young men, principally to Max.
At moments Alvina caught her lip between her teeth, it was so screamingly funny, and so annihilating.
Ciccio leaned with his arms on his knees, looking sideways under his long lashes at the inert Alvina.
Do you feel they appreciate your work as much as they did?  Madame watched him with her black eyes.
But Louis was determined also, he wrestled as fiercely as Max, and at last the latter began to yield.
“Why, Max, why didst thou not remain man enough to control that insulting mountain temper of thine.
My heart is with you, my dear. She put her arms round Alvina and kissed her, a little theatrically.
Alvina had about a hundred pounds left from the insurance money, when all funeral expenses were paid.
But I thought, if you would let me play for you, I could keep myself for some time with my own money.
You’re all right, ma wench, you’re all right—  And the rather bleary woman went nodding away.
The sound penetrated her like a thread of fire, hurting, but delicious, the high thread of his voice.
“She sat here for years, in this chair.  “Always here? he said, looking into Alvina’s face.
“I’m putting my things into my two trunks, and I shall just ask Mrs. Slaney to store them for me.
You’re always knocked down.  “It doesn’t matter, said Alvina, “if it’s only in the end.
“Why your barrow-load of cucumbers.  “Oh, said the man, scrutinizing his cucumbers carefully.
“When will they learn intelligence? he said to Alvina, smiling and showing his white, even teeth.
“Very weak, please.  The doctor was a little laboured in his gallantry, but unmistakably gallant.
“I shall put my cap straight. And she went to the mirror, fluffing her hair and settling her cap.
And my mind doesn’t—yet there it is! She spread her fine hands with a flicker of inevitability.
But we want to be serenaded, don’t we, nurse?—  Alvina stood at her window, but did not answer.
Then she took a little luggage, told the people of her house she would be back next day, and set off.
Her thoughts were dim, in the dim back regions of consciousness—yet, somewhere, she almost exulted.
Somewhere even she was vastly proud of the dark veiled eternal loneliness she felt, under his shadow.
The sun was fairly high in the open sky, where white cloud-tops showed against the pale, wintry blue.
A fat Italian hotel-keeper put on a smoking cap, covered the light, and spread himself before Alvina.
She felt vaster influences spreading around, the Past was greater, more magnificent in these regions.
Then at last came Ciccio, shouldering one small trunk, whilst a porter followed, shouldering another.
There they waited for the ass, which came up clicking over the boulders, led by the patient Giovanni.
It was a world within a world, a valley of many hills and townlets and streams shut in beyond access.
Being a great deal alone, in the strange place, fancies possessed her, people took on strange shapes.
But he only turned aside again, leaned his arm against the wall, and hid his face, utterly noiseless.
It will be because you don’t want to.  “Who told you so? he asked, with the same cruel smile.
Many modern critics have found the classical distinction between rhetoric and poetic very suggestive.
Movement is characteristic of poetry, as color and form are characteristic of painting and sculpture.
But the author felt truly that this realization was different in poetry from what it was in rhetoric.
Plutarch in his essay _On the Reading of Poets_, is much more representative of late Greek criticism.
From line 99 to line 288, Horace devotes his attention to the rules governing the writing of tragedy.
Apostrophe is not a turning away in poetic, because in poetic there is no argument to turn away from.
Palmieri, in his _Della Vita Civile_ (1435), defines rhetoric as the theory of speaking ornamentally.
The Greek text was first published in the Aldine _Rhetores Graeci_ (1508)[176] badly edited by Ducas.
The rhetorics of Cox (1524) and Wilson (1553) were rhetorics and made no pretence of treating poetry.
It is interesting, however, that Sidney's influence did not at once dislodge the mediaeval tradition.
Poetry was a compound of _doctrina_ and _eloquentia_, in other words of theology and style, in verse.
In his _Euphues_ Lyly did use such allegories in what his contemporaries generally considered a poem.
These trifles have bene in all ages permitted as the convenient solaces and recreations of man's wit.
Immediately on our appearance he would swing into the saddle and charge through the assembled rabble.
With the greatest difficulty we impressed upon our persistent assistants that they could not help us.
At midnight the sudden boom of a cannon reminded us that we were in the midst of the Turkish Ramadan.
In Asiatic Turkey we had some extraordinary dishes served to us, including daintily prepared leeches.
If the customer is of some position in life, he climbs up and sits down on a level with the merchant.
The idea of such a journey, in such a peculiar way, was not to be accredited to the ingenuity of man.
To them it was, as it always will be, the same mysterious, untrodden height—the palace of the jinn.
From Persia it was our plan to enter Russian central Asia, and thence to proceed to China or Siberia.
The only preparation for retiring was the spreading of blankets from the pile in one of the kibitkas.
The Great Gobi, in its awful loneliness, stretched out before us, like a vast ocean of endless space.
We seemed, as it were, to be standing at the end of the world, looking out into the realm of nowhere.
But instead of the station-hut we expected to find, we were confronted by an old Mongolian monastery.
In one night several miles of poles were sawed short off, by the secret order of a banded conspiracy.
From dusk till bed-time, the streets of the villages were almost deserted for the squalid opium dens.
But on this particular night, our forbearance being quite exhausted, we ejected the intruders bodily.
In a dimly lighted courtyard we came face to face with the English proprietor of the Hotel de Peking.
Systematic methods, combined with an extraordinary mind, enable him to accomplish his herculean task.
Why, any Body, Man; but, by Fortune, I’m overjoy’d to meet thee: But where dost think I was going?
You need not, your Sighs, and daily (nay, and nightly too) Disorders, plainly enough betray the Truth.
She’s modest, Sir, before Company; therefore these Gentlemen and I will withdraw into the next Room.
Come, come, ne’er stand asking of Questions, But follow your Inclinations, and take him at his Word.
but like ill Spirits It promis’d fair, till it had drawn me in, And then betray’d me to Damnation.
be witness, ye just Pow’rs, How far I was from giving any Vows: No, no, _Diana_, I had none to give.
For shou’d I live, I shou’d deprive the happier World Of Treasures, I’m too wretched to possess.
And were’t not pity that vast store of Beauty Shou’d, like rich Fruit, die on the yielding Boughs?
_Celinda_ has inform’d me true--’tis she-- Good morrow, Brother, what, so early at your Devotions?
I have appointed him this night to wait, and, if possible, I would get him a Minute’s time with you.
Come, come, Mistress _Pert_, I have known as much danger hid under a Petticoat, as a pair of Breeches.
Your own,--a true Musselman cou’d have said no more; but take no care for her, she’s provided for.
Oh, Lord, Sir,--die or live, ‘tis all one for that, Sir--I’ll stand to the Bargain my Uncle makes.
_Enter Lady_ Fulbank, Gayman _fine, gently pulling her back     by the hand; and_ Ralph _meets ‘em_.
Oh, here’s my Husband--you’d best tell him your Story--what makes him here so soon?--    [_Angry_.
--This--I wou’d do, were I my Friend the Squire                                     [_Recollecting_.
Divorce her--flie her, quick--depart--be gone, she’ll cuckold thee--and still she’ll cuckold thee.
Ah lay aside this needless scorn,   Allow your poor Adorer some return_,     Consider how I burn, _E_.
Ah, Madam, cease that fear, they both are safe From all but from the Wounds which you have given them.
To such a Heaven as thou conduct’st me to, Though thou should’st traverse Hell, I’d follow thee.
Here, here, in this very House; I am to order the Decorations, adorn a Stage, and place Scenes proper.
Is there a City Wife wou’d be a Lady?--Bring her to me, Her easy Cuckold shall be dubb’d a Knight.
That, _Cinthio_, you’re convinc’d, I do not wonder; but how _Charmante_ is inspir’d, I know not.
According to their Quality, Sir, more or less; the greater the Quality, the more profuse the Quantity.
a Livery, or the handsome tying a Cravat; for the great Men prefer none but their Foot-men and Valets.
4to 1671 reads ‘I should allow what I deny thee here.’  p. 316, l. 31 _Philander’s Bed-chamber_.
This and the following stage direction ‘To the Prince’ are not in 4to 1671.  p. 352, l. 16 _vile_.
Brought muzzled to the stage, for fear they bite;     Where, like Tom Dove, they stand the common foe.
Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over the old filename and etext number.
It seemed wonderful, indeed, that a little sketch, the work of half an hour, should bring ten dollars.
“He and his have been my best friends.  “But your uncle—he is a relative! suggested Chester.
“What’s it?  “The store was robbed last night.  “The store was robbed? repeated Chester.
“Your sincere friend,      “HERBERT CONRAD.  Chester read this letter in a tumult of excitement.
“Yes, if I can make a living here.  “I guess cousin Herbert will help you.  “He has already.
“Business is business, Mrs. Carlin.  “If Mr. Fairchild were in, he’d trate me better than you.
Now, my cousin whom I mentioned to you is quite at home all over the city.  “I am glad to hear it.
Shall I tell him how you found and gave me back the receipt?  “No; let Mr. Mullins puzzle over it.
He ran up to him, seized his hand, kissed it, and said:  “I love you.  Arthur, too, looked amazed.
“I must tell Dr. Gridley of this new manifestation on the part of my poor boy, said the professor.
Before he knew what was going to happen, Chester received a light tap on the nose from his new friend.
They got off at one of the upper floors, and Chester followed his guide to the door of a room near by.
Why didn’t you take it and stay with them?  “Because he gave it to me expressly for the theater.
When he entered the office, Mullins demanded, sharply, “What made you so long?  Chester explained.
Mr. Sharpleigh listened attentively to Chester’s communication, and then proceeded to ask questions.
“I will speak to uncle Edgar, and he will arrange to have you come four times a week instead of two.
“Why, Chester! exclaimed Mr. Perkins, cordially, as he rose and shook Chester’s hand vigorously.
“Have you—seen my mother lately?  “Come over to my hotel and I’ll answer all your questions.
It seems good to see an old friend.  “By and by we will go to Delmonico’s and have an ice cream.
You were kind to retain him.  Felix is really doing well, and bids fair to make a good business man.
She reserved her own modest share, paid the expenses of her department, and left the residue to James.
James Houghton, however, was seized with a desire to work the Connection Meadow seam, as he called it.
She spoke of theatres and music-halls with these young men, and the jolly good time she had with them.
She would have had to take him between her hands and caress and cajole him like a cherub, into a fall.
He merely took another circuit, and rose another flight higher on the spiral of his spiritual egotism.
She would involve and lead a man on, she would destroy him rather than not get of him what she wanted.
The man was quite nicely dressed, in the regulation tweed jacket and flannel trousers and brown shoes.
“That’s a nice rotten pair of steps you’ve got up there for a death-trap, said Arthur angrily.
This was a grand scoop for James: not a penny was it going to cost him, and the rent was clear profit.
“Who _ever_ can that common-looking man be? said Miss Pinnegar, her heart going down to her boots.
Did ever you see such a pink face?  “_And_ the braid binding! said Miss Pinnegar in indignation.
James fluttered into conversation with his daughter the next evening, after Miss Pinnegar had retired.
“Don’t you think, he said to her, “it’s an admirable scheme?  “Wonderful, she replied.
If he had seen the least sign of coming-on-ness in her, he would have fluttered off in a great dither.
“But how is it— he attacked Arthur Witham—“that the gas isn’t connected with the main yet?
Alvina had to open the performance by playing an overture called “Welcome All: a ridiculous piece.
He was waiting now for the trams, and building up hopes since he could not build in bricks and mortar.
The room was small, rather bare, with horse-hair and white-crochet antimacassars and a linoleum floor.
I had a hundred and five when we were in Redruth.  Alvina had taken the thermometer from her pocket.
Ah, I think I must get up after all.  Alvina saw the look of fret and exhaustion in Madame’s face.
It’s instruction, you take it all in at a glance, all you need to know, and it lasts you for a week.
“I must do as she tells me.  “Why yes, since it is for your good, and not hers.  “Of course!
Yes.  So the two women returned to Woodhouse by the tram-car, while Ciccio rode home on his bicycle.
On Sunday the party would leave for Warsall, about thirty miles away, to fulfil their next engagement.
He was waiting: silent there, with something muscular and remote about his very droop, he was waiting.
All will be much more difficult—  “Oh, I will tell him in time, said Alvina, pale at the lips.
And then she saw Ciccio humped over his yellow bicycle, going for a steep and perilous ride with Gigi.
Alvina had noticed that Ciccio did not seem to feel the cold, unless it were a wind or a driving rain.
“Isn’t it strange, that we are travelling together like this? she said, as she sat opposite him.
“There was a sound of revelry by night! For Mr. May, after a long depression, was in high feather.
“Open, and when Allaye enters, it is the lodge of Allaye, Walgatchka is the bear that serves Allaye.
Then he looked back at her eyes again, that were watching him large and wistful and a little accusing.
“Yes, he said, “it is always better if there is money. He put his hand on her, and she winced.
He saw her hardness becoming more assertive, and he wavered in sudden dislike, and almost dropped her.
Then again the desire flushed his heart, his smile became reckless of her, and he picked her right up.
Her inside burned with love for him: so elusive, so beautiful, in his silent passing out of her sight.
She lived mindlessly within his presence, quivering within his influence, as if his blood beat in her.
And again she saw glimpses of stations, glimpses of snow, through the chinks in the curtained windows.
She went down the corridor, away from him, to avoid this new agony, which after all was not her agony.
They were no sooner seated than a voice was heard, in beautifully-modulated English:  “You are here!
He brought wrinkled pears, and green, round grapes, and walnuts, on a white cloth, and presented them.
Over all the constant speech of the passing river, and the real breathing presence of the upper snows.
And she wished she could lie down there by that town gate, in the sun, and swoon for ever unconscious.
Ha, they are—they are sly ones, the people here.  “They are like that everywhere, said Alvina.
And in the night I could not sleep, I could cry with the pains in my arms and my ribs, I had no sleep.
Mantz for various assistance, and to the Harvard and Columbia University Libraries for their courtesy.
Aristotle himself uses imitate in this sense when he speaks of the delight children take in imitation.
As the characteristic quality of poetic, imitation to Aristotle evidently did not mean a literal copy.
If the young poet finds that his work is not of high excellence, he would do better not to publish it.
Content of Classical Rhetoric   Classical rhetoricians commonly divided their subject into five parts.
Thus far we have the influence of classical rhetoric urging as an ideal for poetry formal correctness.
The rhetorical studies of Ascham and Wilson merely glanced at poetry as something related to rhetoric.
It was excellently said of _Plutarch, Poetry_ was a   speaking Picture, and _Picture_ a mute _Poesie_.
Part Two  The Purpose of Poetry     Chapter I  The Classical Conception of the Purpose of Poetry    1.
The stimulating music furnishes the patient with an outlet for the expression of his religious fervor.
The ancient Greeks had considered Homer and Hesiod as the inspired recorders of the facts of religion.
According to Prickard, Aristotle means that poetry must be in meter, but that not all meter is poetry.
Published in the _Opera Rhetorica_ of Cicero, edited by W. Friedrich for Teubner (Leipzig, 1893), Vol.
Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over the old filename and etext number.
At the village of Topakle, on the following night, our reception was not so innocent and good-natured.
The peasant classes in Turkey are of course the most superstitious because they are the most ignorant.
We had not proceeded far before we descried a party of Kurdish horsemen approaching from the mountain.
As the darkness deepened, they shone more and more brightly across the amphitheater of the encampment.
For two hours we were thus busily engaged, when all at once a shout rang out in the clear evening air.
India rubber, instead of the Russianized French _elastique_, was the native name for our rubber tires.
In the presence of their patience and endurance, we were ashamed to think of such a thing as hardship.
Then we assumed the aggressive, and regained the wheels which had been left in the middle of the road.
We answered, therefore, that in many respects, we considered America the greatest country we had seen.
She is only waiting to draw it in, when she feels certain that her Siberian flank is better protected.
We made several attempts to take leave, but were interrupted each time by a question from the viceroy.
Yes, Madam; but will approach no nearer till you permit me; And sure you know my Soul too well to fear.
And here I wish as solemnly the same: --May all arrive to me, If e’er I marry any Man but _Bellmour_!
But, _Frank_, we are made for one another; and ought, by the Laws of God, to communicate our Blessings.
’.were better that my Life were lost, than Fortune-- For that being gone, _Celinda_ must not love me.
‘Tis well you will; had I not been good-natur’d now, You had been undone, and miss’d _Diana_ too.
When Night was come, the long’d for Night, and all Retir’d to give us silent Room for Joy--  _Cel_.
Dull Youth, farewel: For since ‘tis my Revenge that I pursue Less Beauty and more Man as well may do.
I know not what you call just or brave; But those whom I do the Honour to command, Must not capitulate.
Sir, you know the old Cheat; hire a Lay Rascal in a Canonical Habit, and put a false Marriage upon her.
--I am pleas’d thou should’st renounce me; make it good, And set me free from Fetters which I hate.
My dearest _Charles_, forgive me all that’s past, And share the Fortune Heaven has given thy Brother.
The trick of the feigned Turks is discovered by the arrival at the villa of Baltazer, Julia’s father.
Not a Man,--only run ‘em through the body a little, that’s all, my two Boys were by, my Pages here.
Lady, he is his own Carver, a good word by the bye, or so, will do well, and I am--a Favorite--  _Isa_.
--If these be Devils, they are obliging ones: I did not care if I ventur’d on that last Female Fiend.
I think I am your Friend indeed, Sir _Cautious_, or I wou’d not have been here upon my Wedding-Night.
--Your Jewel, Sir, is rich: Why do you part with things of so much value, So easily, and so frequently?
_Enter_ King, Philander, Orgulius, Alcippus, Alcander,     Pisaro, Cleontius, Falatius; _and Officers_.
You had a Mistress once, if you have not Forgotten her, who would have taken you with All these faults.
shall her Commands, Though they have power to take my Life away, Have force to suffer me to injure her?
Another time for that, but now let’s think                                    [Aminta _embraces her_.
But why, dear Picture, art thou still so gay, Since she is gone from whom those Charms were borrow’d?
_Enter the_ Princess, _who goes over the Stage as a Spirit, bows a little to_ Alcippus, _and goes off_.
Gods, Sir, that you should thus expose your self, The World’s great Heir, against a desperate Madman!
Settle has written a comedy which deals with the rehearsal of a new opera, _The New World in the Moon_.
Contrary to expectation Cushing was very bad as Harlequin, whilst at Drury Lane Woodward was excellent.
Go, peevish Fool-- Whose Jealousy believes me given to change, Let thy own Torments be my just Revenge.
_Draws off to_ Bellemante’s _Chamber, discovers_ Elaria, Bellemante _and_ Mopsophil _in Night-Gowns_.
That’s well, Gentlemen, let’s have all Peace, while I survey you both, and see which likes me best.
Ha, ha, ha, you have your Answer, Seignior Friskin--and may shut up your Shop and be gone.--Ha, ha, ha.
Receive your Mistress, Sir, as the Reward of your undoubted Valour--             [_Presents_ Mopsophil.
Following the 4tos I have arranged all the speeches of Falatius, which 1724 gives as prose, metrically.
A dance which derived its name from being performed at that point in a masque when new actors appeared.
The Mall, St. James’s Park, was formed for Charles II, who was very fond of the game ‘pall-mall’.
We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving new filenames and etext numbers.
They’re as poor as poverty themselves, and now they’ve taken in a man who ain’t no claim on them.
“He said, ‘Papa, if it wasn’t for the horns I should think it was a horse.’  Chester laughed.
How is it with you, Chester?  “I took a very early breakfast.  “So I thought, laughed Conrad.
Mrs. Carlin repeated her story of Jimmy’s illness and her consequent inability to pay the whole rent.
He will find this knowledge of service—in some other situation, added Mr. Fairchild, significantly.
“I would rather speak with you, sir.  “How is that? asked Mr. Fairchild, his attention excited.
You may bring me the other two sketches whenever you are ready.  “Come up to my den, said Arthur.
“Ernest, which do you like best, me or him?  “Him, answered Ernest, touching Chester’s cheek.
There was another photograph representing him with gloves on, about to have a set-to with a boy friend.
It was clear that the bookkeeper felt that such a caller would injure him in the eyes of Mr. Fairchild.
“I’m in earnest.  “I don’t see what I am going to do about it, muttered Mullins, defiantly.
I own some property in Washington Territory.  “You do? exclaimed Paul Perkins, in great surprise.
It took him by surprise, for though he anticipated ill treatment, he had not expected to be discharged.
It seems foolish to pay so much for such a little thing.  “I don’t think it foolish, Mrs. Crosby.
“No; what makes you ask?  “I don’t see how you can live without any salary.  “I couldn’t.
Your bookkeeper put up this job.  Mr. Fairchild turned slowly and regarded David Mullins attentively.
He was no sooner out of the office than Mullins said: “Felix, remain here till Mr. Fairchild returns.
I am going out on an errand.  He opened the safe, drew therefrom a small package and left the office.
What are you going for?  “On business, answered Chester, not caring to make a confidant of Felix.
Here is my partner, Mr. Pearson.  In the negotiation that followed the reader will not be interested.
“I understand you wish to leave the entire property to your husband? he said, in a tone of inquiry.
We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
Sometimes she broke into open impatience with him, sometimes he answered her tartly: “Indeed, indeed!
And James’ quick eyes watched the slow surge of his flotsam, as the pot boiled but did not boil away.
When she had put on flesh and become pink and bouncing she was just their sort: just their very ticket.
If we turn over the head of the penny and look at the tail, we don’t thereby deny or betray the head.
And by sheer non-human power, electric and paralysing, she could overcome the brawny red-headed fellow.
Gradually she shrank back to the old, slim, reticent pallor, with eyes a little too large for her face.
In these days Alvina struck up an odd friendship with Miss Pinnegar, after so many years of opposition.
When first it was disclosed to her, her colour came up like a turkey’s in a flush of indignant anger.
“Let the meagre, mean, despicable fate fulfil itself. Her old anger against her father arose again.
“Nothing, I hope.  She fled into the obscurity of Manchester House, out of the grey summer evening.
My leg’s as near broke as it can be.  “What, have you hurt yourself?  “I should think I have.
Meanwhile, Alvina’s pale face hovering like a ghost in the side darkness, as it were under the stage.
“You know I don’t follow you, he said, a little mocking, as if she were making a fool of herself.
He was on tenterhooks of agitation, knowing Madame was ill.  Max gave a brilliant display of yodelling.
“Yellow eyes like Ciccio’s? she said, with her great watchful eyes and her smiling, subtle mouth.
As they entered the street, they saw the trim, French figure of Madame standing alone, as if abandoned.
Hé? And Madame pressed back the slippers, opening her plump jewelled hands in a gesture of finality.
“Of _cauce_ it’s the same.  Alvina laughed, a little heartlessly, into his pallid, stricken eyes.
They were all so benevolent, and all so sure that they were proposing the very best thing she could do.
She was a wonderful mother for them, sewed for them, cooked for them, looked after them most carefully.
If for one moment she could have escaped from that black spell of his beauty, she would have been free.
“My fowl, she said, “which must not boil too fast.  At length Alvina was called down to dinner.
Is Miss Pinnegar going to play too?  But Miss Pinnegar had turned her poor, bowed back, and departed.
Would you like me to try to compound with the creditors, so that you could have some sort of provision?
I’ve got it, and I’m going to keep it.  “Well, said Miss Pinnegar, “it’s not my business.
On Thursday Alvina received her notice that she was to appear before the Board on the following Monday.
A deep, burning, silent anger against everything possessed her, and a profound indifference to mankind.
Push it down if it won’t go down by itself—  “Oh doctor—  “Don’t say _oh doctor_ to me.
Meanwhile the stir and restlessness of the war had begun, and was making itself felt even in Lancaster.
You had better send in your resignation at once, so that you’re free.  “Oh but is there any need?
The fourth day it rained: simply rained all day long, and was cold, dismal, disheartening beyond words.
He, Tommy, could quite understand any woman’s wanting to marry him—didn’t agree a bit with Effie.
His eyes had a curious yellow fire, beseeching, plaintive, with a demon quality of yearning compulsion.
And there she sat, looking across the railway lines at the harbour, in the last burst of grey sunshine.
Nice contry! said a man in a corner, leaning forward to make this display of his linguistic capacity.
The women watched her bite it, and bright-eyed and pleased they said, nodding their heads—  “Buono?
“Are you glad you have come home?  “It isn’t my home, he replied, as if the word fretted him.
Again and again the long, red-gold, full ear of corn came clear in his hands, and was put gently aside.
He threw aside the great armful of yellow flowers, took off his cap, and wiped the sweat from his brow.
We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
From this the rhetorical imagination differs in that it is at its best when it has fact for its object.
By the laws of decorum, for instance, old men should be querulous and young boys given to sudden anger.
_The Poetics_ had been known to the middle ages only through a Latin abridgment by Hermannus Allemanus.
The poet should not make clowns the companions of kings, nor put wise counsels into the mouth of fools.
So as it appeareth that _Poesie_ serveth and conferreth to Magnanimitie, Moralitie, and to delectation.
We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving new filenames and etext numbers.
This same material, of the same width or height, was used to partition off the apartments of the women.
We had also relied upon the Kurds for blankets, as we had been advised to do by our friends in Bayazid.
The governor himself took his accustomed position on the floor, with his own private dishes around him.
The general, as we afterward learned, sent a servant with a special request to the governor’s palace.
No peasant is too poor, either in money or in sentiment, to buy and feel the cheering influence of tea.
Tired out by the day’s ride, we fell asleep before the arrangements for the feast had been completed.
It was only beyond this point that our Chinese passport would be found necessary, and possibly invalid.
In the northern, and especially the outlying, provinces it is considered more a luxury for the wealthy.
After a month or more without meat a dish of rats would have been relished, had we been able to get it.
All he could do was to request them to make room around the palace courtyard for the coming exhibition.
Little is now to be seen except heaps of rubbish, ruined temples, and the scattered fragments of idols.
The interest in the “foreign horses was sometimes so great as to stop business and even amusements.
The “North China Herald correspondent at Pao-ting-foo had already published our story to the coast.
Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:                                     1.E.1.
We do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
And again, Mrs. _Jenny_, she’s kept, and Men love as much for Malice, as for Lechery, as they call it.
By Fortune, I’ll do thee reason--give me the Glass, and, _Sham_, to thee--Confusion to the musty Lord.
I’m glad I know you, Sir,--farewel to you--                                               [_Goes out_.
An’t like your Excellence, Men call’d me Signior Don _Francisco_, but now they will call me Coxcomb.
Come, Madam, your Honour and I have something else to do, before I have fully dub’d you a Viscountess.
Some are honest, and will give as well as take; or else there would not be so many broke i’th’ City.
Tell him I wish him Luck in every thing, But in his Love to me-- Go tell him I am viewing of the Garden.
_Enter_ Bredwel _to the Door in a white Sheet like a Ghost,     speaking to_ Gayman _who stands within_.
Nothing, nothing--but a Trial of Skill between an old Man and a Young--and your Ladyship is to be Judge.
Blest be this kind Release, and yet methinks it grieves me to consider how the poor old Man is frighted.
Oh, good Sir, take your _Cerberuses_ off--I do confess, the Captain here, and I have violated your Fame.
Why, in consideration of my Age, and your Youth, I’d bear a Conscience--provided you do things wisely.
_Till then be calm, my Heart, for if that fail_,                                 [_Points to his Sword_.
Remember_, Sylvia, _are my due;   And all the Joys my Rival does receive   He ravishes from me, not you.
Your Pardon, Sir, I must refuse your bounty, till I know By what strange turn of Fate I came thus blest.
_Out of a great Curiosity,--A Shepherd did demand of me_.-- No, no,--_A Shepherd this implor’d of me_.
Ha,--the Devil in the likeness of my old Master’s Voice, for it is impossible it should be he himself.
‘Tis he, ‘tis he, follow me all--          [_He goes with all the Company behind the Front Curtain_.
Ha--Who’s this?--Hum--What if it shou’d be the Farmer that the Doctor has promis’d _Mopsophil_ to?
Most Learned Sir, the Emperor now is going to declare himself, according to his Custom, to his Subjects.
As late as 1737 there were standing twenty-four ‘rovers’ or stone pillars for shooting at distances.
Bowman’s name appears as Peter Santlow in _The Counterfeit Bridegroom; or, the Defeated Widow_ (1677).
The Doctor’s speeches in _Arlequin Empereur dans la Lune_ (1684), are a mixture of French and Italian.
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
He was a stranger, evidently, for Chester knew everyone in the village, and he was tempted to look back.
Rob has taken good care of me.  “Yes, Rob is used to the city; I thought you would be in safe hands.
It was of fair size, and contained a high desk, an office table covered with papers, and several chairs.
I shall be sending him out on an errand presently, and you can offer to go with him.  “That’ll do.
When the bookkeeper found the receipt on the table, a promising piece of rascality was suggested to him.
He doesn’t have any chance to pick up any money in this office, does he? asked Felix, significantly.
I’ll go there.  Chester turned his glance upon Dick Ralston and rapidly took note of his appearance.
From Clement Fairchild, Real Estate Broker.  “Take that up to 169, said the clerk to the bell boy.
The city was pretty much all new to the stranger from Minneapolis, and it mattered little where he went.
He was in the office, probably waiting for the vacancy.  “The plan seems to have been cut and dried.
He was perfectly honest, so far as I know.  “Has he got another place?  “I don’t think he has.
Did you have a pleasant journey?  “Yes; but I should have enjoyed it better if you had been with me.
Did you see anyone likely to commit the theft, sir?  This was, of course, addressed to Mr. Sharpleigh.
I shall,     therefore, have to accept the offer you made me sometime since to     send me a weekly sum.
By the way, I hear that your old bookkeeper is in Oregon or Washington.  “Who told you?  “Felix.
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
With these he trimmed his window, so that it looked like a historical museum, rather soiled and scrappy.
Then the roof of Throttle-Ha’penny was so loose and soft, James could not afford timber to hold it up.
If the thought was the same as the act, how much more was her behaviour equivalent to a whole committal?
And who who was going to engage Alvina Houghton, even if they were ready to stretch their purse-strings?
There was even a tiny touch of the trollops in her dowdiness—so the shrewd-eyed collier-wives decided.
Could anything be more puerile than a mankind howling because it isn’t happy: like a baby in the bath!
“Everything is for you, my love, whispered Miss Frost, looking with strange eyes on Alvina’s face.
It was the look of an obstinate little boy who poses on the side of the angels—or so the women saw it.
He was keen after money, was Arthur—and bossy, creeping slyly after his own self-importance and power.
It’s the nervousness. Again Albert beamed at her sympathetically, and said:  “Oh, I’ll hold you.
“Good-evening, Mr. Houghton, said Albert suavely and with a certain confidence, as James peered out.
And she simply detested the look of the back of Albert’s head, as he too stooped to the vesper prayer.
Mr. and Mrs. Wright and a son and two daughters with their husbands: a tight old lock-up family concern.
His face was very like that of the young negro in Watteau’s drawing—pathetic, wistful, north-bitten.
There _is_ a station there?  “Ay—biggest next to Chesterfield—  Suddenly it dawned on Mr. May.
“Certainly it isn’t, said James, rubbing his hands: a sign that he was rarely excited and pleased.
But now, _do_ have the thing finished by tomorrow— here he laid his hand cajoling on Arthur’s arm.
There sat Max by the fire, a picture of misery, with Louis opposite him, nodding asleep after his tears.
A bear on its hind legs, slow, shambling, rolling its loose shoulders, was stretching a paw towards him.
Ciccio got dressed as soon as possible, to go and look at the horses hired for the afternoon procession.
And now thou hast called him a dirty Italian, or a dog of an Italian, and he has behaved like an animal.
He rode into town, and the first thing he did was to seek out the music-hall artistes at their lodgings.
Her eyes were wide and neutral and submissive, with a new, awful submission as if she had lost her soul.
He was rather floridly dressed, though in black, and wore boots of black patent leather with tan uppers.
Some sounds are good, they are for life, for creating, and some sounds are bad, they are for destroying.
said every member of the Woodhouse “middle class: Poor Alvina Houghton, said every collier’s wife.
But two doors away was another decent lodging-house, where a bedroom on the top floor was found for her.
And she could not understand why Gigi, and then the others after him, went off into a shout of laughter.
Then he nodded again, laughing at her boldly, carelessly, triumphantly, like the dark Southerner he was.
After the meal, Ciccio sat and twanged his mandoline, making its crying noise vibrate through the house.
When she came out at the back she smiled straight into Ciccio’s face, with her sudden, luminous smile.
He gave her hand one sudden squeeze, of physical understanding, then left it as if nothing had happened.
She knew Lizzie Bates’s fox furs, and Fanny Clough’s lilac costume, and Mrs. Smitham’s winged hat.
The difficulty is, you see, I’m afraid I _do_ think them— Alvina watched him with big, heavy eyes.
“_Certainement!_ cried Mr. May, flying at Ciccio, verbally, like an enraged hen yellow at the gills.
His eyes never smiled, except to Geoffrey, when a flood of warm, laughing light sometimes suffused them.
The three women sat down to an uncomfortable dinner of cold meat and hot potatoes and warmed-up pudding.
But the nurses did not set their bonnets at him very much, because he was rather mouthy and overbearing.
With Alvina he quite unbent, and seemed even to sun himself when she was near, to attract her attention.
And with one hand he managed to extract the ring from its case, letting the case roll away on the floor.
The doctor slipped the diamond solitaire above the mourning ring, and folded Alvina to his breast again.
Below lay the little front garden, with its short drive and its iron gates that closed on the high-road.
It was strange to be high over the restaurant, to see the trees of the park, to hear the clang of trams.
They had five tiny children, all boys: and the four who could stand on their feet all wore scarlet caps.
Then she dashed in a spoonful of sugar, to add to the pool in the saucer, and her customers were served.
The terror, the agony, the nostalgia of the heathen past was a constant torture to her mediumistic soul.
If she sat in the darkness of the kitchen she was hurt with smoke, and perpetually cold behind her neck.
Alvina sat apart from the crowd of peasants, on a chair the old crone had ostentatiously dusted for her.
If she was to save her sanity she must keep to the open air, and avoid any contact with human interiors.
There it was: the fangs sheathed in beauty: the beauty first, and then, horribly, inevitably, the fangs.
“Why don’t they be quick and call you?  “It will be next week, he said, looking at her darkly.
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
A debtor’s sureties shall not be distrained upon so long as the debtor himself can discharge his debt.
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
In both these respects the ancients felt that poetic, the theory of poetry, was different from rhetoric.
The orator must be himself moved, according to Quintilian,[83] just as the poet, according to Aristotle.
The tenth, interpretacio, he illustrates by telling a joke, and then amplifying it into a little comedy.
The other figures of rhetoric which are so appropriate to poetry James says may be studied in Du Bellay.
Jonson's scholarship was thorough, but sweetened and ventilated by his activities as poet and dramatist.
Rhetoric was characterized by a logical structure determined by the necessity of persuading an audience.
Although these mystic senses are called by various names, they may all in general be called allegorical.
The purpose of poetry, they thought, was to please, to instruct, or to combine pleasure and instruction.
At any rate, Loyola rejected allegorical interpretation of classical literature for the Jesuit colleges.
If you took away the verbal ornament, you would not read the poets, because there would be nothing left.
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
The villagers, thus aroused, came at last to our rescue, and at once proceeded to patch up a compromise.
A moving form was revealed to us on the bank of the irrigating-canal which skirted the edge of the road.
During the day we had had a surfeit of cavernous gorges and commanding pinnacles, but very little water.
But already this springtide splendor was beginning to disappear beneath the glare of approaching summer.
The peculiarity of these villages is their extreme length, all the houses facing on the one wide street.
Most of them are merely mud huts, others make pretensions to doors and windows, and a coat of whitewash.
Dumb with astonishment they continued to watch us till we disappeared again toward the opposite horizon.
In self-defense he was at last forced to get up a stereotyped speech to deliver on each social occasion.
Any ornamentation would have been a profanation of the natural dignity and stateliness of Li-Hung-Chang.
Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
If you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
Corrected _editions_ of our eBooks replace the old file and take over the old filename and etext number.
But I must turn my Eyes from looking on The fatal Triumphs of my Death--Which of all these Is my Brother?
Enter_     Diana, Bellmour _fights ‘em out, and leaves_ Celinda _breathless,     leaning on her Sword_.
Oh, thou’rt a puny Sinner!--I’ll teach thee Arts (so rare) of Sin, the least of them shall damn thee.
_Driver_, though I do recreate my self a little sometimes, yet you know I value my Reputation and Honour.
Cater-tray--a hundred Guineas--oh, damn the Dice--’tis mine--come, a full Glass--Damnation to my Uncle.
But shou’d you do so rude a thing to your new Brother, your Wife wou’d think you were jealous of her.
Which he will soon obtain, and in return, what Service I can render him in your behalf he shall not want.
Only the Governor, the fine young Governor, I deliver’d him the message, told him my mind and the like.
Hah--Married--I was, an’t like your Monsterousness, but, I doubt, your People have spoiled my Property.
Ay, that was once when I was a Lover; but, now you are a Queen, you’re too high i’th’ mouth for me.
Why, the City’s up in Arms, Sir, and all the Aldermen are met at _Guild-Hall_; some damnable Plot, Sir.
At this late hour, and on his Wedding-Night --why, what’s the matter, Sir--is it Peace or War with you?
Oh, are you come, Sir--and can you be so kind to a poor Youth, to favour his Designs, and bless his Days?
Nay, I have a great mind to kiss his--Paw, Sir; but I cou’d wish you’d shew him me by day-light, Sir.
Orgulius demands Alcippus’ life from the King, but Galatea, heart-broken, pleads for the man she loves.
_Discovers_ Erminia, Philander _sitting on the Bed, to them_     Isillia, _a Sword and Hat on the Table_.
Ah, hold, Sir, hold, the Prince has no defence, And you are more than arm’d;               [_To_ Alcip.
_Malicious Creature, when wilt thou cease to torment   me, and either appear less charming, or more kind?
The adventures of the Knight of the Sun and his brother Rosiclair belong to the Amadis school of romance.
Casuistry must be taken in its true and original meaning--the balancing and deciding of individual cases.
He had ever been a warm defender of James II, and upon this monarch’s accession was liberally rewarded.
It was extraordinarily popular, as, indeed, were all the plays Mrs. Behn marshalls forth in this preface.
which quotes (inter alia) Massinger, &c., _Old Law_ (4to, 1656), Act iii, II: ’.ere’s a half-pike’.
_Eastward Hoe_ (1605), Jonson, Chapman, and Marston, iv, I: ‘You might carry an M under your Girdle’.
The path to the file is made up of single digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.
The sketch sold by Mr. Conrad brought him in as much as he would receive in ten weeks from Farmer Dexter.
“I’d like to know where Chester got the money he’s been flauntin’ round the last week, he said.
Where did you get such a boarder in Wyncombe?  “It is a lady, the cousin of Mr. Gardener, the lawyer.
Conrad came round to introduce me, but you were not in.  “Ah, yes, you have come to be my office boy.
Now, will you take the fifty dollars I offered you?  “Yes, but I don’t want to play again to-night.
During my absence, however, I wish, if you see anything wrong, that you would apprise me of it by letter.
He had some business with Mr. Fairchild, and unfortunately Mr. F. started West this morning.  “I see.
I am misinformed, that’s all.  “If you find my friend’s card just write and let me know his name.
I don’t gamble, and I hope you don’t.  “I shouldn’t know how, answered Chester, with a smile.
Then we shall both have an interest there.  “You think the lots are worth something?  “I know it.
He felt that it was a proof of his growing popularity as an artist, and this was particularly gratifying.
“You scorn my work, yet accept the sketches of that boy! pointing at Chester with withering contempt.
He felt so much like a stranger in the big city that he anticipated with pleasure seeing a familiar face.
“So you are a friend of Edward’s.  “Indeed he is, an excellent friend! exclaimed young Granger.
He had concealed the extent of his prosperity from his mother, meaning in time to surprise her agreeably.
As the nine days of the wonder-in-white passed and receded, James disappeared in the direction of London.
In conversation she had rather a quick, hurried manner, with intervals of well-bred repose and attention.
“Don’t trust me, dear, don’t trust what I say, poor Miss Frost ejaculated hurriedly, even wildly.
Miss Frost stood still, with the stillness of a middle-aged disapproving woman, and looked at her charge.
It is a strange thing that these childish men have such a deep, half-perverse knowledge of the other sex.
At last he stayed away, only hurriedly asking, each time he came into the house, “How is Mrs. Houghton?
To sit still, for days, months, and years—perforce to sit still, with some dignity of tranquil bearing.
“And there are ladies.  “Who, retorted Miss Pinnegar, “is going to give half-a-crown for a tea?
And she, waiting, seemed to go into a dream, a sleep, her arm trembled a little, stretched out and fixed.
Mr. May was too human to believe that a show should consist entirely of the dithering eye-ache of a film.
“If I’ve got to make it pay, I must keep down expenses at the beginning.  “No,—on the contrary.
She began to spin imaginary harmonies and variations in her head, upon the theme of _Linger Longer Lucy_.
And _you_ are going to play the piano? he said, perking his head on one side and looking at her archly.
But I _support_ her, of cauce.  “And your daughter?  “Oh, she’s the dearest child in the world.
It was to be ready yesterday.  “We’ve had to wait for the fixings for them brackets, said Arthur.
She played “Welcome All, and then took the thumbed sheets which Miss Poppy Traherne carried with her.
“Will you come and carry them for me?  He started up, and with one movement threw away his cigarette.
Alvina carried up the loose bed from the sofa, and slept on the floor before the fire in Madame’s room.
Don’t you think we can congratulate ourselves.  They found Mr. Houghton fussing about in the theatre.
There is a dumb scene of sympathy between Kishwégin and the prisoner—the prisoner wants his bonds cut.
But shall it be to Knarborough or to Marchay?  “Ask the policeman in the market-place, said Alvina.
“And in that case, she continued tartly, “I think some of the showman has come out in his daughter!
But he turned aside his face, and refused to speak, sitting as if he were unaware of Madame’s presence.
“Even more—because there it is sunny very often—  “And you don’t need a house, said Alvina.
He saw the trim, plump figure of Madame, like some trim plump partridge among a flock of barn-yard fowls.
Putting two and two together, if I may say so— and he glanced from her to the young men—“I _see_.
One morning Ciccio, who had begun to hang round her again, accompanied her as she set out to the library.
It was August Bank Holiday, that for ever black day of the declaration of war, when his question was put.
Beer was flowing: sailors on the train were tipsy: women were holding young men by the lapel of the coat.
“We can see as much as we like of each other now we’re engaged, he said, smiling with satisfaction.
It is not only the prophet who hath honour _save_ in his own country: it is every one with individuality.
He had been working on a big choral work which he was composing, and by this time he was almost demented.
After which they proceeded to wake Ciccio, who was like the dead doll in Petrushka, all loose and floppy.
Men in hats and cloaks sat at a table playing cards by the light of a small lamp, a man was pouring wine.
Men got up and greeted him effusively, watching Alvina between whiles as if she were some alien creature.
“You ought to have stayed at my relation’s house down there.  “No, I am not tired, said Alvina.
But she sat with her enamel plate and her impossible fork, a piece of meat and a chunk of bread, and ate.
But it was a kind of neuralgia in the very soul, never to be located in the human body, and yet physical.
She had had to leave off nursing Jenifer, who had an _excellent_ Scotch nurse, much better than a mother.
(36) In future nothing shall be paid or accepted for the issue of a writ of inquisition of life or limbs.
Nevertheless it does distinguish between rhetoric and poetic and does contribute to the theory of poetry.
As Roman liberty was lost under the Caesars, style very naturally assumed greater and greater importance.
He continues:    There are foure kinds of tropes, substitution, comprehension,   comparation, simulation.
The middle ages conceived of poetry as being compounded of profitable subject-matter and beautiful style.
Nowhere in the _Poetics_ does Aristotle explicitly state that the function of poetry is to give pleasure.
My father, he says, in his pains to make me a good man, compelled me to learn the whole of Homer's poems.
The parables which he uses, however, are all Christian, and the allegories are all the _Fables_ of Æsop.
The path to the file is made up of single digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.
Thence we traveled to Patras, proceeding along the Corinthian Gulf to Athens, where we passed the winter.
We were compelled, therefore, to learn a little of the language of every country through which we passed.
Nearer it came, and louder grew the sound, till it reached the inn door, where it remained for some time.
This brought to the door the female occupants, who also uttered a shriek, and sunk back as if in a swoon.
If they were a party of maidens, as was often the case, they would draw back and hide behind one another.
We are glad to be able to record a brilliant, though perhaps theoretical, exception to this general rule.
Across the hills the Kurdish shepherds were driving home their herds and flocks to the tinkling of bells.
Our summer clothing was wholly inadequate for such an unexpected experience; we were chilled to the bone.
Five days in Persia brought us to the shores of Lake Ooroomeeyah, the saltest body of water in the world.
“All’s well, we heard him cry, as, bumping over the rocky bottom, we passed from Russia into China.
This postal caravan we now overtook encamped by a small stream, during the glaring heat of the afternoon.
It was an anxious moment for us both when we picked up the paper from the floor and read the inscription.
Do they own much land? (A Chinaman’s idea of wealth is limited somewhat by the amount of land owned.)
_Versions_ based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving new filenames and etext numbers.
Yes, faith, Madam, I am Sir _Timothy Tawdrey_, at your Service--Pray are not you Mrs. _Celinda Dresswell_?
I as a Blessing sent from Heaven receive her, And e’er I sleep will justify my Claim, And make her mine.
Sir, there are Men enough, fitter much than I, to obey those Laws; nor do I think them made for every one.
No, Sir, I’ll have no more to do with frail Woman, in this Case; I have a surer way to do your Business.
‘Tis a good Motion, and we will follow it; send to the Duke’s House, and borrow some Habits presently.
They were only complaining that you that were kept, shou’d intrude upon the Privileges of the Commoners.
Ay, there’s his Grief; there is some jilting Hussy has drawn him in; but I’ll revenge my self on both.
There only wants the Ceremony of the Law to undo what’s between you and _Diana_, if she remain a Virgin.
Come, come, I love plain dealing; besides, when she named the Governor, Flesh and Blood could not contain.
Young and handsome; is there no more than that goes to the making up of a Husband--Yes, there’s Quality.
Prettily, by Nature, Sir, but with good instructions I shall improve; I thank Heaven I have Docity, or so.
Brother, I am afraid you are a little inclined to be jealous, that will destroy all Friendship.--  _Fran_.
marry me to morrow to his daughter;--and carry his Wife from my Friend; this misfortune must be prevented.
Take no care--come, haste on board--our Honour will not lose the Fresco of the Morning,--Follow me, Pages.
This is no common Honour, that the Great Turk deigns to speak your Language; ‘tis to sign you’ll rise.
_Enter_ Guzman, _bringing in_ Julia, Clara, Isabella, Jacinta,     Guiliom, Antonio, &c. _Women veil’d_.
Nay, let’s retire, and compleat my Quality, and you will find me a Wife of the Mode, I’ll warrant you.
Sir Feeble returns home to find Leticia with her jewels about to flee, but she succeeds in reassuring him.
Henry, Don Gasper and Antonia of the Georgian comedy are none other but Bellmour, Sir Feeble, and Leticia.
I have a Key already to his Counting-House; it being lost, he had another made, and this I found and kept.
With many, Sir, that very well become you--                                   [_Pulls him a little aside_.
’.was but last week he borrowed eighteen pence of me on his Waste-Belt to pay his Dinner in an Ordinary.
Well, Sir, remember you have promised to grant me my diabolical Request, in shewing me the Devil--  _Gay_.
You are so wanton, Sir, you make me blush--I will not go to bed, unless you’ll promise me--  Sir _Feeb_.
On the wedding night the bride confesses her love for Philander and refuses to admit Alcippus to her love.
In the fifth act he had to make rather a long speech to Smith [Mr. Gosse by a slip writes ‘Betterton’.
Faith, he has many Virtues, and much Courage; And merits it as well as you or I: _Orgulius_ was grown old.
Well, if this be agreeable to _Aminta_, she’s e’en as mad As he, and ‘twere great pity to part them.
That being _Philander’s_, he’ll preserve his own; And that, _Erminia_, sure you’ll ne’er distrust.
By all our Friendships, as the Western Winds,                                           [_Gives his hand_.
No, treacherous Woman, I have seen this Sword,                                         [_Draws the Sword_.
_With_ Pallas _and the God of War_,  Enter _Olinda_ like _Fortune_, a _Page_ like _Cupid_, bow and go out.
how the City Wife, with her nown Ninny, Is charm’d with, Come into my Coach,--Miss_ Jenny, _Miss_ Jenny.
_Doct_.--Astonish’d, ravish’d with Delight, I see a Beauty young and Angel-like, leaning upon a Cloud.
You may inform your self I believe, for these close Intrigues cannot be carried on without your Knowledge.
--Hum, the Doctor here first, this is not so well, but I’m prepar’d with Impudence for all Encounters.
Following 4to 1677 and 1724 I have retained the name Dresswell although it should obviously be Friendlove.
It was a rhymed farce in which the dialogue was sung or chanted by the characters to popular ballad tunes.
I keep grisons, fellows out of livery, privately for nothing but to carry answers.’    THE LUCKY CHANCE.
can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
Money’s skerce.  Chester reflected that he could probably do the job in half an hour, and he accepted.
“I had no idea you were capable of such work.  “I am glad you like it, said Chester, much pleased.
“Have you had supper, sir?  “I wouldn’t like to trouble you, ma’am.  “It will be no trouble.
“I’d pay you cash down.  “If I decide to sell on your terms I’ll let you know, said Mrs. Rand.
He must have absorbed most of it.  Now Mr. Tripp’s indignation was turned against this new individual.
The place was all but promised to my cousin.  “You’ll have to settle that matter with your employer.
you can take the consequences, and Mr. Mullins eyed the widow with an unpleasant and threatening glance.
He knows nothing of the city.  “Is he a friend of Mr. Fairchild?  “Fairchild never met him before.
“Come, said Ralston, soothingly, “you are out of sorts, and can’t see things in their right light.
The next morning my landlady said, in a tone of sympathy, ‘I heard you groaning last night, Mr. Perkins.
What’s the figure?  “Five thousand dollars.  “I’ll take a look at them as soon as I have time.
it would amount to five hundred dollars, and with an extra dividend of two hundred and fifty dollars more.
I know from what Mr. Mullins said he won’t take him back.  “Chester would not be willing to go back.
I will do so.  “And if he offers you back your old place you won’t take it? said Felix, anxiously.
The hall bedroom which he had hitherto occupied was taken by a young man of nineteen named Edward Granger.
“I may be doing Trimble an injustice, but I think if such a will     were made she wouldn’t live long.
Knowing that Edward Granger was still living he recognized the fact that such a will would do him no good.
can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very easy.
* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free   distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
In Woodhouse, there was a terrible crop of old maids among the “nobs, the tradespeople and the clergy.
Every Thursday afternoon James sorted out tangles of bits and bobs, antique garments and occasional finds.
You’d better get a bit from Throttle-Ha’penny. “Nay, replied the wife, “I’m sure I shan’t.
He had three men and two boys working his pit, besides a superannuated old man driving the winding engine.
Miss Frost, with anxious foreseeing, persuaded the girl to take over some pupils, to teach them the piano.
Her father treated the young man with suave attention, punctuated by fits of jerky hostility and jealousy.
And then, at the end of September, the young man was removed by his Insurance Company to another district.
CHAPTER V THE BEAU   Throttle-Ha’penny worked fitfully through the winter, and in the spring broke down.
“And we may make it two shillings. Through his mind flitted the idea of 1/11-1/2—but he rejected it.
“Why shouldn’t he do—if you like him.  “Ah—! cried Alvina, sinking on the sofa with a laugh.
In America I _never_ accepted less than three hundred dollars a month, and that was my poorest and lowest.
And at the same time, she thought of her mother and Miss Frost, and she cried as if her heart would break.
Chot-let, penny a bar! even as in Alvina’s dream—and then “The Pancake—so the first half over.
Miss Houghton—but ah, Miss Houghton must play the piano, she could not take the part of the young squaw.
Makes your blood run cold—  “Ay, an’ a man for all that, take’s painted face for what’s worth.
It was only Louis making a fool of himself, doing a turn.  “Must have been a good one, said Mr. May.
Then all at once her hand went to her mouth with a scream:  “The Bear!  So the scene concluded itself.
I’m not a _film-operator_! And he put his head on one side with a grimace of contempt and superiority.
He wouldn’t have it anything but like this—bare.  “Nature of a monk, a hermit, whispered Madame.
They run into their holes to sleep or to shelter, and that is all.  “The same in Italy? said Alvina.
“Also the light! said Madame, producing a pocket flash-light, which she triumphantly handed to Ciccio.
But he only inclined his head, and with his heavy hand on her shoulder gently impelled her towards Ciccio.
She could not help feeling how sudden and lovely that moment’s grasp of his hand was: so warm, so whole.
That’s _your_ business. After which he marched out, and the rattle of his motor car was shortly heard.
And he would tap at the matron’s door, smiling and showing all his beautiful teeth, just about tea-time.
“Where would you have liked to go today? said the doctor, turning to smile at her as he drove the car.
True, she was a maternity nurse, and this was hardly the qualification needed for the nursing of soldiers.
Did he hear me come in?  “No, I’m sure he didn’t.  “Thank goodness for that.  “Yes indeed!
Alvina felt that her transgression was a very mild affair, and that her engagement was really _infra dig_.
One night as they were sitting thus in the bedroom, at nearly eleven o’clock, they started and listened.
At the line—  Ma nun me lasciar’—   she began to murmur softly to herself—“Yes, it’s dreadful!
She woke to see the sea in the moonlight beneath her—a lovely silvery sea, coming right to the carriage.
To her there was magnificence in the lustrous stars and the steepnesses, magic, rather terrible and grand.
There was a flood of light on dazzling white snow tops, glimmering and marvellous in the evanescent night.
Opposite this, on the right, was the cantina, a dark place with wine-barrels and more agricultural stores.
Artemis with her clusters of breasts was horrible to her, now she had come south: nauseating beyond words.
In an instant she realized that she had seen the figure of the old post-carrier dodging between the rocks.
can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very easy.
* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free   distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
(13) The city of London shall enjoy all its ancient liberties and free customs, both by land and by water.
(35) There shall be standard measures of wine, ale, and corn (the London quarter), throughout the kingdom.
can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very easy.
* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free   distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
_Ars_, to the Roman, meant a body of rules which a practitioner would find useful as a guide in composing.
The language should be appropriate to the emotions supposed to be animating the character who is speaking.
And the rhetorical treatise or _ars rhetorica_ often yielded to the _ars prosandi_, or the _ars dictandi_.
But the _Ad Herennium_ does make _divisio_ a part of a speech,[160] and does require not over three parts.
When the first edition was published by Campano in 1470, the world of scholars welcomed a familiar friend.
Both recommended themselves to the renaissance because they too were imitators of earlier literary models.
The rhetoric _Ad Herennium_ calls them _notatio_,[202] Cicero, _descriptio_,[203] and Quintilian, _mores_.
The epigram of Seneca, longum iter per praecepta, breve per exempla, was the popular catchword of the age.
But while Sidney made a place for allegory in his scheme of poetry, Jonson does not so much as mention it.
can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
While the khanji prepared coffee we sat down to watch the amusing by-play and repartee going on around us.
There was nothing missing, however: and we did not lose so much as a button during our sojourn among them.
The crowd soon filled the room to suffocation, and were not disposed to heed our request to be left alone.
Kaisarieh (ancient Cæsarea) is filled with the ruins and the monuments of the fourteenth-century Seljuks.
Two zaptiehs were to accompany us in the morning, while others were to go ahead and announce our approach.
We followed slowly on foot, while the Armenian and his two pets kept at a respectful distance in the rear.
Others still were walking about with a ball of wool in one hand and a distaff in the other, spinning yarn.
Among these we spread our carpet, and piled stones in the intervening spaces to form a complete inclosure.
Our companion now awoke considerably refreshed, and the ascent was continued close to the chasm’s brink.
We rose at once, but our stiffened legs quivered beneath us, and we leaned on our alpenstocks for support.
We never once stopped until we reached the bottom of the dome, at our last night’s camp among the rocks.
Madame de Vlassow was radiant with smiles as she served us tea by the side of her steaming silver samovar.
The last is by no means the staple food of China, as is commonly supposed, except in the southern portion.
From Kuldja to the Great Wall, where our cyclometer broke, we took accurate measurements of the distances.
can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
It exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
Very well, Sir, I shall tame that Courage, and punish that Harlot, whoe’er she be, that has seduc’d ye.
Heart and Faith, I am glad ‘tis no worse; if the Ceremony of the Church has not past, ‘tis well enough.
And having read it, She drew her Tablets from her Pocket, And trembling, writ what I have brought you, Sir.
now I must melt again, by Fortune--thou art a Fool, dost think I wou’d have had her, but for her Fortune?
In the Epilogue Mrs. Behn asserts that she wrote _The False Count_ with ease in something less than a week.
I’ll to her instantly, that is, make a visit to _Isabella_, and get an opportunity to speak with _Clara_.
no, _Jacinta_, that night that gives him to another Woman, shall see him dead between the Charmer’s Arms.
I’ll stand to’t, a Man had better have a Mule to his Wife than a Woman, and ‘twere easier govern’d.
Friend, my Wife, or Lady, has no need of his Service in a more particular manner, and so you may return it.
Well, I have provided her one that I like, but if she be so squeamish, let her fast, with a Murrain to her.
A Pox of his honourable hand, ‘t had like to have spoiled all, --well, since it must be so, I am content.
Very agreeable, pretty and chearful--              [_She is veil’d and set by: Then Clara is unveil’d_.
But for the Lender to pay Use-money, is somewhat severe;--but, see, he comes,--bless me, how grim he looks!
Hum--I’m afraid, ‘tis a harder task to leap from a Lord to a Rogue, than ‘tis from a Rogue to a Lord.
_Enter_ Isabella _at one door_; Clara, Antonio, Jacinta,     _at another_; Isabella’s _Train carried up_.
Now must I afflict you and my self with a long tale of Causes why; Or be charg’d with want of Friendship.
He sigh’d and cry’d, Why, farewel dirty Acres; It shall not trouble me, since ‘twas all but for Love!
But to upbraid a Man in Tribulation--fie--’tis not done like a Woman of Honour, a Man that loves you too.
Hah, ‘tis there again; that very voice was _Bellmour’s_: Where art thou, Oh thou lovely charming Shade?
‘Tis indeed his Watch, Sir, and by this Token he has sent for you, to come immediately to his House, Sir.
--’Tis he:--and be it where it will, I’ll fright the old Dotard for cozening my Friend of his Mistress.
I say ‘twas done like a wise Man, Sir; but under favour, Gentlemen, this _Wasteall_ is a Rascal--  _Noi_.
At other times he runs the Country like a Gipsey--tells Fortunes and robs Hedges, when he’s out of Linen.
_Enter Lady_ Fulbank _undrest_, Gayman, _half undrest upon     his Knees, following her, holding her Gown_.
Alas, you cannot blame me; _Isillia_ tells me you were much inrag’d Against a Lover she was entertaining.
I have no more Wives, no more _Erminias_; Alas, she is dead-- Will you not give her leave to rest in peace?
Cinthio _gropes to find him; when_ Mopsophil _and_ Elaria,     _hearing a great Noise, enter with a Light_.
Very proper Service for young Ladies; you, I believe, have been _Fille de Chambre_ to some young Cavaliers?
Incomparable Lady, the Elegancy of your Repartees most excellently denotes the Profundity of your Capacity.
No former editions number this scene, but read ’.nter Diana, Scene a Bedchamber.’  p. 47, l. 33 _unto_.
Holland’s _Pliny_ (1601) I, 318. ‘The bigger kind of bees ... and this vermin is called _Oestrus_ (i.e.
Scene II, Act i of Shadwell’s _The Squire of Alsatia_ (1688), is laid ‘at the George in Whitefriars’.
The Duke of Buckingham, in _The Rehearsal_ (1671), Actus ii, scaena V, has a fray burlesquing this passage.
They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.
The Table of Contents was not contained in the book and has been created for the convenience of the reader.
Do you know how much money I spent the first three months I was at work?  “A dollar? guessed Chester.
She felt indignant at Silas Tripp’s meanness, but advised Chester to remain in the store for the present.
I hope something will turn up.  He tried to speak hopefully, but there was very little hope in his heart.
I s’pose he sent you here.  “No, he didn’t; and I wouldn’t have come if we had been better fixed.
Now the weekly income had ceased, and it became a serious question what he should do to bring in an income.
Saturday morning he walked to the depot with a small gripsack in his hand and bought a ticket for New York.
Why, that would amount to two hundred dollars, and there would be no racking his brains for original ideas.
He knew nothing about the city, and would feel quite helpless should the artist not be present to meet him.
“Stay here and mind the office, he said to Chester, “and if anybody comes in, keep them, if possible.
There is nothing for you in Wyncombe, as I very well know; that is, nothing you would be willing to accept.
“You won’t see me for two weeks, perhaps, but I’ll be sure to find you out when I return to the city.
The bookkeeper, who dislikes me, discharged me, and gave the place to his cousin.  “I am awfully sorry.
The store closed at nine, and Silas, instead of going into the house, walked over to Mrs. Rand’s cottage.
As if to emphasize Mr. Perkins’ remark, two persons came in who were very well known to the young artist.
“You are heaping coals of fire on my head.  “You will always have my best wishes for your prosperity.
He went to the bottom—and that was the end of him!  “A very pretty story, said Floyd, complacently.
“You can have as much whisky as you like afterward.  “Then the sooner we get over the job the better.
“Where did you get the money, Chester? asked Mr. Tripp, curiously, eying the boy with unwonted respect.
He was a tall, thin, elegant young man with side-whiskers, genuinely refined, somewhat in the Bulwer style.
Then he would flit away to the Conservative Club, with a fleet, light, hurried step, as if pressed by fate.
But what is the good of saying acid things to those little fiends and gall-bladders, the colliery children.
Slaves—the underground trolls and iron-workers, magic, mischievous, and enslaved, of the ancient stories.
Yet truly, all that summer and autumn Miss Frost had a new and slightly aggressive cheerfulness and humour.
They began to treat him with a certain feminine indulgence, as he fluttered round, agitated and bewildered.
The guilty feeling—  Albert seemed insistent on this point, which had no particular interest for James.
“You mean _Alfreton_—  “Alfreton, yes. The policeman was now convinced the man was a wrong-’un.
“Do yer want Pinxon or Bull’ill?  “Pinxon or Bull’ill?  “There’s two, said the policeman.
At last Mr. May was seen shooing James, like a scuffled chicken, down the side gangway and on to the stage.
Alvina wound up her final flourish, the curtain rose, and:  “Well really! said Miss Pinnegar, out loud.
She rehearsed with them on Monday afternoons, and she saw them every evening, and twice a week at matinees.
For Max, suddenly, would reveal his contempt of the Eyetalian, as he called Ciccio, using the Cockney word.
“Tomorrow, Cic’—  “Au revoir, Gigi.  Ciccio dropped on to his bicycle and was gone in a breath.
He sat loose on the bed, a cigarette between his fingers, dropping ash on the bare boards between his feet.
Perhaps I shall send one of the young men on his bicycle, to bring you something which I shall buy for you.
The strange figures of the artistes passing under her observation had really entertained her, week by week.
He was a middle-aged, blond, florid, church-going draper from Knarborough, well-to-do and very _bourgeois_.
“If you weren’t here, Miss Pinnegar, I should be quite by myself, said Alvina, blanched and strained.
She looked at herself in her mirror as she had never done before, really interested in the effect she made.
“Nameless, without having a name, comes the maiden with the red jewels, dark-hearted, with the red beams.
Let her bridle as she might, her heart burned, and she wanted to look at him, she wanted him to notice her.
Alvina found herself on the new and busy station that Sunday morning, one of the little theatrical company.
“I wish it were, she said rather pathetically, “if you like it so much.  He shrugged his shoulders.
And my village, you know, when I was small boy, that was in the mountains, an hour quick train from Naples.
“Frightened—hu! he made sudden gesticulations and ejaculations, which added volumes to his few words.
He doesn’t know how to come here, said Ciccio, quickly taking his hat and going out to find his friend.
And if I might ask, what is your share of the tribal income?  “That isn’t settled yet, said Alvina.
Ciccio is he—and I am he—and Max and Louis— he spread his hand to the distant members of the tribe.
But let me be the tame bear of Allaye, let me be the gentle bear of Allaye.  “All right, said Ciccio.
They are mostly people who know you, know your condition: and I might try—  “Try what? said Alvina.
If he had pressed her during the first half of the month of August, he would almost certainly have got her.
Men were rushing to enlist—and being constantly rejected, for it was still the days of regular standards.
I give you three guesses, and if you guess right once I give you sixpence.’ So I guessed three o’clock.
He told her how the men had carried his wife there—a long journey over the hill-tracks, almost two hours.
This file contains a number of versions of the Magna Carta, some of which were a little mangled in transit.
If, for lack of means, the debtor is unable to discharge his debt, his sureties shall be answerable for it.
Aristotle, following Plato,[46] says in his definition any subject, for any subject can be made persuasive.
Public speech would be less persuasive if the characteristic imaginative qualities of poetic were excluded.
His sixth chapter, on ornament in meter and prose, presents what he has up to this left unsaid about style.
In more advanced classes it was supplemented by the _De oratore, Orator_, and what was known of Quintilian.
The rhetoric of Gascoigne, however, was not derived from the classical treatises, but from the middle ages.
The remainder of the _Discourse_ is devoted to the theory of poetry, which he divides into matter and form.
The first book, 58 pages in the Arber reprint, deals with definition, purpose and subject matter of poetry.
As Spingarn points out, Ben Jonson was first led to classicism in poetical theory by the example of Sidney.
Poets desire either to profit or to delight, or to tell things which are   at once pleasant and profitable.
The example is a rhetorical induction, usually from fewer cases than are necessary to scientific induction.
As a school-master himself he is interested in guiding grammar-school boys in their mastery of Latin prose.
The true function of poetry, then, is to give secret knowledge of the mysteries of nature to the initiated.
É adunque il subbietto della poetica il favellare finto e favoloso, ed il suo mezzo o strumento l'esempio.
They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.
Three weeks later we resumed our bicycles and wheeled by way of Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas to New York.
Behind one of the tents, on a primitive weaving-machine, some of them were making tent-roofing and matting.
Through the right lobe of the nose was hung a peculiar button-shaped ornament studded with precious stones.
Four shots fired from our revolvers in commemoration of Independence Day broke the stillness of the gorges.
The governors extreme pleasure was afterward expressed in a special letter for our journey to the frontier.
Some of our photographic material also had been spoiled through the useless inspection of postal officials.
Many a time our expressions, by a wrong inflection, would convey a meaning different from the one intended.
One stream, with its ten branches, swept the stones and boulders over a shifting channel one mile in width.
Our boatmen now joined in the general uproar, which reached its height when the moon was entirely obscured.
Even here, at the _yamen_ of the prime minister of China, dirt and dilapidation were evident on every hand.
Hither they are tracked by Charles, Bellmour’s younger brother, and Trusty, Lord Plotwell’s old steward.
But, _Ned_, these are Rogues, and Rascals, that value no Man’s Reputation, because they despise their own.
Sister, I’ve brought you here a Lover, this is the worthy Person you have heard of, Sir _Timothy Tawdrey_.
--By my bright Arms, she’s fair--With what a charming Fierceness, she charges through my Body to my Heart.
How, the Women?--Hold, hold, _Bellmour_, let me choose too-- Come, come, unmask, and shew your pretty Faces.
So--you two are damnable close together, ‘tis for no goodness I’ll warrant, you have your trade betimes.
With Fiddles, Drums and Trumpets, Westphalia hams and Pidgeons, and the like: Hey, Rogues, Scoundrels, Dogs.
Shall I submit to Fetters, and see my Mistress ravish’d by any great _Turk_ in Christendom, and not fight?
Adad, I love her more and more, _Ralph_--call old _Susan_ hither--come, Mr. _Bearjest_, put the Glass about.
Why, thou’rt an honest Fellow, _Francis_,--and thou’rt heartily welcome--and I’ll make thee fortunate.
So, so, now we’re alone, _Leticia_--off with this foolish Modesty, and Night Gown, and slide into my Arms.
But since you will have it, Sir--you are--a Rascal--a most notorious Villain, Sir, d’ye hear--  Sir _Cau_.
sure the Devil must help him then.--Stay, Sir--stay--Lord, Sir, what need you put your self to that trouble?
_Ful_.--So--as _Trincolo_ says, wou’d you were both hang’d for me, for putting me in mind of my Husband.
Hum--must it all go?--a rare sum, if a Man were but sure the Devil wou’d but stand Neuter now--    [Aside.
Ah,--I do confess I was an old Fool,--bewitcht with Beauty, besotted with Love, and do repent most heartily.
Since she has so firm a Contract, I pronounce it a lawful Marriage--but hark, they are coming sure--  _Dia_.
Well, Sir, I will--but all this while you little think the Tribulation I am in, my Lady has forsworn my Bed.
No, this I call my Home; And since _Erminia’s_ here that does entitle it so, I will not quit the Presence.
think of that, Sir; For though to me it did appear most just, Yet you must hate the Man that has undone you.
Lee and Jevon also acted the parts of Scaramouch and Harlequin in Mountford’s three act extravaganza, _Dr.
_Enter_ Charmante _and_ Cinthio, _dress’d in their Gothic Habits_,     Scaramouch, Harlequin _and Musick_.
I told him I did: whereupon he made me his Bed-fellow, and the Confident to his Amour to Seigniora _Elaria_.
It is almost certain that the verb, which came into use about 1670, was a full decade earlier than the noun.
Souliers blancs à rubans blancs.’ It will be seen that he differed little from his modern representative.
On hearing some ribald jest he is said to have flung himself back in a chair and expired of sheer merriment.
When several scenes had to be set one behind another the device of using a curtain or tapestries was common.
Mother’ll be very much obliged to you.  “She’s very welcome, I’m sure, said the kindly spinster.
“Your sincere friend,    HERBERT.  Chester hardly knew whether he was standing on his head or his heels.
A dollar a week wouldn’t pay me.  “A dollar a week and board is good pay for a boy, said the farmer.
The detective instinct was born within Chester, and now he felt impatient to have the investigation proceed.
“Who is it, Mr. Gardener?  “I have a cousin, a lady of forty, who thinks of settling down in Wyncombe.
I did as well as I could, and what do you think he said?  “What did he say? asked Chester, interested.
I am sorry if I have stood in your way.  “Oh, if it hadn’t been you it would have been some other boy.
It was on the floor of the clothes closet, and he judged that it had dropped from the bookkeeper’s pocket.
“I will keep things running.  “I rely upon your fidelity, said the broker, not without significance.
He opened it at random, and his eye lighted up, for there was one of the two sketches handsomely reproduced.
He had “sized up the gambler, and decided that he did not care to become any better acquainted with him.
“As it is time for the performance to commence, I’ll go at once, if you’ll excuse me.  “Certainly.
He did not care to mention that the sum given him was two dollars, half of which he still had in his pocket.
Here’s a package marked one thousand dollars, and it contains only slips of green paper in place of bills.
Your generous gift will help me till I get a place.  So the farewells were said, and the boys walked home.
Have you any message for him if I happen to meet him?  “Say that I have no intention of prosecuting him.
In the great bedroom over the shop he had his furniture _built_: built of solid mahogany: oh too, too solid.
After which huge bundles, bales and boxes arrived in Woodhouse, and were dumped on the pavement of the shop.
At last—we hurry down the slope of James’ misfortunes—the real days of Houghton’s Great Sales began.
Mrs. Houghton was now very weak, and so nervous in her weakness that she could not bear the slightest sound.
In the background the miners stood grey and ghostly, in the candle-light, and seemed to listen sardonically.
“But what do you do wi’ yourself all day?  “I have to keep house, she said, looking at him archly.
And you _haven’t_ met him? His voice seemed smiling with a sort of triumph, as if he had caught her out.
And so the slow years crept round, and the completed coil of each one was a further heavy, strangling noose.
And so behold our two heroes sniffing round the sordid backs and wasted meadows and marshy places of Lumley.
“But I’ll bet it’s something awful—else he’d have told us.  “Yes, said Miss Pinnegar slowly.
“One piece at a time, if you don’t mind, he said, when they came up with their three-a-penny handfuls.
“And you think we ought to cut out the variety, and give nothing but pictures, like the Empire? he said.
“The good Geoffrey will do his best, while there is no Kishwégin? she said as he stooped to her salute.
No—no—it is not broken—no—the bone is not broken.  “There is no bone broken, I know, said Max.
He pressed slowly uphill through the streets, then ran downhill into the darkness of the industrial country.
And Alvina, naïve and pathetic, egged them all on in their strife, without even knowing what she was doing.
“WE HAVE NO LAWGIVER EXCEPT KISHWÉGIN.  “We have no lawgiver except Kishwégin, they sang sonorous.
And she could have fought, if only the sense of his dark, rich handsomeness had not numbed her like a venom.
They shouted, positively shouted over their cards, they roared with excitement, expostulation, and laughter.
I think it’s the _truth_—  “Not to be said to me, for all that, said Alvina, quivering with anger.
Well then, in case I particularly wished to see you, you could come over?  “If necessary, said Alvina.
And she could hear the bullying tone in which Henry Wagstaff would dictate the Woodhouse benevolence to her.
And she almost envied poor Miss Pinnegar the prospect of a little, day-by-day haberdashery shop in Tamworth.
The only thing to do was not to solve it: to stray on, and answer fate with whatever came into one’s head.
And they would have long, cosy evenings together in the drawing-room, as he luxuriated in her very presence.
She would sit on his knees and they would be snug for hours, before they went warmly and deliciously to bed.
Half the world had gone to Blackpool or Southport, the other half had gone to the Lakes or into the country.
That’s it, isn’t it? He smiled indulgently down on her: thought her face young and charming, charming.
“Torn’ a Surrientu Fammi campar—   The song suddenly ended, in a clamorous, animal sort of yearning.
In Ciccio’s face was a lurking smile, and round his fine nose there seemed a subtle, semi-defiant triumph.
It was early in November before they could leave for Italy, and her dim, lustrous state lasted all the time.
England, beyond the water, rising with ash-grey, corpse-grey cliffs, and streaks of snow on the downs above.
The child belonged to two poor Italians—Milanese—a shred of a thin little man, and a rather loose woman.
Yet she had a consciousness of tunnels and hills and of broad marshes pallid under a moon and a coming dawn.
“I was on the station when the train came, and I did not see you.  But it was evident he had taken wine.
“I will make a light, said Pancrazio, taking a lamp from the mantel-piece, and proceeding to wind it up.
It was a fair-sized room with a concrete floor and white walls, and window-door opening on a little balcony.
The mad and desperate passion that was in him sent her completely unconscious again, completely unconscious.
So that even in the sunshine the crude comfortlessness and inferior savagery of the place only repelled her.
“Do you wish you were back in England? Ciccio asked her, with a little sardonic bitterness in his voice.
‘I don’t like your damned figure, Califano,’ he said to me, ‘but nobody will do this if you won’t.
She watched the letter catch fire—glanced at the peasants at the table—and out at the wide, wild valley.
He was a model from London, and he came down to Califano sometimes, hanging about, anxious to speak English.
The rose-coloured wild gladioli among the young green corn were a dream of beauty, the morning of the world.
In the same way the cemetery had a fascination of horror for him—as, she noticed, for most of the natives.
This freedom we shall observe ourselves, and desire to be observed in good faith by our heirs in perpetuity.
None of these fines shall be imposed except by the assessment on oath of reputable men of the neighbourhood.
Both poets and orators attain the sublime, says the author, but passion is more characteristic of the poets.
This he does in what he says was a common phrase that poetry is vocal painting, and painting, silent poetry.
Whatever differences there are between the views of Aristotle, Longinus, and Horace, they all agree in that.
The consensus of classical opinion, then, agrees that the purpose of rhetoric is persuasive public speaking.
The _Brutus_ first appeared in Rome (1469) in the same year which witnessed the first edition of the Orator.
Sidney makes _energia_ an essential quality of poetic; but even with him it seems to have a rhetorical cast.
As Wilson sagely remarks, For except men finde delite, they will not long abide: delite them and winne them.
How far was he to go with his donkeys?—he didn’t think it possible for him to go much beyond this point.
Even after we had unstrapped their baggage and carried it over on our shoulders, they could make no headway.
This polite method of extortion was followed the next morning by one of a bolder and more peremptory nature.
“Who’s there? said a voice, whose sepulchral tones might have belonged to the sexton of the Holy Tomb.
But the ignorance of this lower class of Russians is almost as noticeable as that of the natives themselves.
Its bow of two parts was so interlaced with the strings of the instrument as to play upon two at every draw.
Kuldja, with its Russian consul and Cossack station, still maintains a Russian telegraph and postal service.
At sight of us they spurred ahead, and reached the opposite bank just as we passed the middle of the stream.
Well, Sir _Timothy_, I have most excellent News for you, that will do as well; I have found out--  Sir _Tim_.
Courage and Reputation!--ha, ha, ha--why, you lousy Tatterdemallions--dare ye talk of Courage and Reputation?
Miller, in his _The Man of Taste; or, The Guardian_ (1735), blended the same plot with _L’Ecole des Maris_.
I’ve seen her, she has Youth and Beauty capable to make a Conquest any where,--but does she know your Love?
I never drew any thing in my Life, but my Purse, and that most damnably against my will; oh, what shall I do?
No, Sir, I’m resolv’d I’ll not lose an Inch of my Beauty, to save so trifling a thing as a Maiden head.
A most divine bud of Beauty--all Nature’s Excellence--drawn to the life in little,--what are you, fair one?
What Insolence is this!--Mutes--strangle him.--                      [_They put a Bow-string about his neck_.
Why, why--you Baggage, you, ye little Thing, Fools-face--away, you Rogue, you’re naughty, you’re naughty.
Alas, I found her dead upon the Floor, --Shou’d I have left her so--if I had known your mind--  Sir _Feeb_.
As brief as you please, Sir--Well, Brother--                                                [_Pausing still_.
Sure ‘tis something of his Lady--he’s so loth to bring it out --I am sorry you are thus disturb’d, Sir.
I know him--there’s your Watch again, Sir; I’m your Friend, but no Pimp, Sir--          [_Rises in Rage_.
Falatio_, you are a swift Horseman; I believe you have a Mistress at Court, You made such haste this Morning.
I am resolv’d I will not to the Camp, A secret inclination does persuade me To visit my _Erminia_ to night.
I had them not about me at the sight, I else had been undone: Alas, _Erminia’s_ dead, Murder’d, and dead.
My Love, _Alcippus_, is despis’d I see, And you in lieu of that return you owe me, Endeavour to destroy me.
Then make a short Prayer to _Alikin_, the Spirit of the East; shake off all earthly Thoughts, and look again.
Here’s a Fellow, Sir, will persuade me, his Calash is a Cart, and refuses the Customs for passing the Gate.
4 January, 1687, he was dismissed from court owing to his persistent refusals to be received into the Church.
Here in particular, and throughout the whole scene, Mrs. Behn’s reminiscences of _Othello_ are very patent.
This curious phrase, which is both distorted cant and canine, would appear to mean ‘your rogue’s phiz’.
- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.
I feared I should have to stay out all night.  “And without an overcoat, said Chester, compassionately.
Of course that didn’t last me long.  “Do you think that he acted wrongfully? asked Chester, startled.
“Yes, madam; my lungs were always sensitive.  When breakfast was over he took his hat and prepared to go.
“It can’t make any difference to you where it came from.  “I thought you were poor, said Mr. Tripp.
She did not admire the appearance of her late visitor, but her heart was alive to the appeal of a hungry man.
I’ve got a weakness here, and he touched the pit of his stomach, “that calls for strengthenin’ drink.
Bushnell—who is in the real estate business, and he will take you     into his office on my recommendation.
He had accompanied Dick to the gaming table, and tried his luck, losing more than he could comfortably spare.
The time was when I would have done so with confidence, but the affair of James Long has made me distrustful.
He repented, now that it was too late, that he had placed himself in the power of such a man as Dick Ralston.
He said his name was Silas Tripp.  “What on earth brought Mr. Tripp to New York? Chester asked himself.
Can you tell me where he lives?  “No, I haven’t his address.  “I wonder he hasn’t gone back home.
This gentleman was near and he saw a suspicious-looking man next to me.  “This is a strange story, Felix.
“I own a few lots in Tacoma, and have a chance of selling a part of them.  Then he went into particulars.
You might have extorted more, but you have received a fair price and retained the good will of the purchaser.
“He was tendin’ a pool room on Sixth Avenue.  “He must indeed have changed to accept such employment.
I don’t see, for my part, what the widder’s goin’ to do.  “I’m sorry Chester’s been so unlucky.
Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.
Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
He still saw the Fata Morgana snatching his fabrics round her lovely form, and pointing him to wealth untold.
Luckily for her work-girls, Miss Pinnegar took her own orders, and received payments for her own productions.
But there was an odd, derisive look at the back of her eyes, a look of old knowledge and deliberate derision.
Then up bare stairs to a room where a stout, pale, common woman with two warts on her face, was drinking tea.
And yet, with the curious cold tact of women, they left her alone, one and all, in private: just ignored her.
And Alvina quickly would attend on her, bring her tea and take away her music, try to make everything smooth.
His face lit up with a sudden, odd smile when she opened the door—a broad, pale-gleaming, remarkable smile.
Albert Witham was distasteful to her—or rather, he was not exactly distasteful, he was chiefly incongruous.
Do you mean to tell me— but she was really suffocated, the vessels of her heart and breast were bursting.
At the back of the stage there was half-a-yard of curtain screening the two dressing-rooms, ladies and gents.
Mr. Houghton thanked them for their courtesy and attention, and hoped—And nobody took the slightest notice.
“But I don’t believe they want to be excited in that way.  “In what way? asked Mr. May plaintively.
“Be so good, my dear, said Madame to him, “to go to the station and fetch Miss Houghton’s little bag.
Meanwhile Madame came in with the coffee, which she always made herself, and the party sat down to breakfast.
They were a whole train of departure in themselves, busy, bustling, cheerful—and curiously apart, vagrants.
“Tommy, go indoors, the bird won’t sing when you’re about.  “It’s an Italian by the sound of him.
There was a certain dark, leopard-like pride in the air about him, something that the English people watched.
She found herself at Charing Cross in the early morning, in all the bustle of catching the Continental train.
This land remained integral in the property, and was worked by Ciccio’s two uncles, Pancrazio and Giovanni.
When it was finished the man on the roof came down, and Ciccio gave him and the station porter each sixpence.
Alvina felt as if she were in a strange, hostile country, in the darkness of the savage little mountain town.
He stood shadowy, his head ducked forward, the firelight faint on his enigmatic, timeless, half-smiling face.
The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887.
Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.
Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
(11) If a man dies owing money to Jews, his wife may have her dower and pay nothing towards the debt from it.
(21) Earls and barons shall be fined only by their equals, and in proportion to the gravity of their offence.
A knight taken or sent on military service shall be excused from castle-guard for the period of this service.
The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887.
Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.
Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
Not until the renaissance did critics define poetry as an art of imitation endeavoring to inculcate morality.
Music, for instance, uses both rhythm and harmony, dancing uses rhythm alone, and poetry uses language alone.
However important its contribution to classical theory of poetry, the treatise is not specifically on poetic.
As a practitioner himself, Horace is more interested in the craft of poetry than in its philosophy or theory.
Under arrangement he says that all material must be so arranged as to have a beginning, a middle, and an end.
His schemes and tropes are of course the rhetorical figures; but let him explain them in his own artless way.
It was edited again by Maggi in 1550, by Vettori in 1560, by Castelvetro in 1570, and by Piccolomini in 1575.
This view is well exemplified in the quotations from Aristophanes, Xenophon, Strabo, and especially Plutarch.
Induction is delightful and is appropriate to an ignorant audience   because of its similitudes and examples.
The others continued to echo Horace, or lean toward allegory, or see profit in poetry from its moral example.
- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.
Everything was quiet except the restless sheep, whose silky fleece glistened in the light of the rising moon.
Our only reward, when we returned to our quarters, was two greasy pillows and a filthy carpet for a coverlet.
It was in connection with this very mountain that we first conceived the idea of making the ascent of Ararat.
“I must give the Turks what they want, said the consul, with a twinkle in his eye—“form and red tape.
We were much interested in his opinion on this subject, as that of a Turkish judge, and rather high official.
Our zaptiehs advanced rather cautiously to meet them, with rifles thrown across the pommels of their saddles.
This picturesque costume well set off their rich olive complexions, and black eyes beneath dark-brown lashes.
The sky was again clear at 2:30 P. M., when we bade good-by to our worthless comrades and resumed the ascent.
At this point our course changed from northeast to northwest, and continued so during the rest of the ascent.
Behind the peak of Little Ararat a brilliant rainbow stretched in one grand archway above the weeping clouds.
From 39° the thermometer gradually fell to 36°, to 33°, and during the night dropped below freezing-point.
Our mail, in the mean time, having been ordered to Teheran, we were granted the privilege of intercepting it.
At the third turning we overtook them, and came to the finish two hundred yards ahead, amid great excitement.
Two guards were commissioned by the viceroy to take us in charge, and hand us over to the next relay station.
In the same way we received presents of tea, and by this means our cash expenses were considerably curtailed.
The unsympathetic observation of mobs, and the hideous Chinese noises, had become features of our daily life.
Passing through several rooms, and then along a narrow, darkened hallway, we emerged into an inner courtyard.
Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.
Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
Oh, I shall calm his Rage, By urging so much Reason as thy Beauty, And my own Flame, on which my Life depends.
--But to die wretchedly-- Poorly in Prison--whilst I can manage this-- Is below him, that does adore _Celinda.
Why, first sing a Baudy Song, and then break the Windows, in revenge for the Affront was put upon me to night.
--Rise; the Joy I have to see you thus, makes me Resolve to grant you any thing, and pardon All that’s past.
Then if I wou’d, alas, what opportunities have I, for I confess since his first Vows made him mine--  _Jac_.
I would not for the world; no, _Jacinta_, when ever thou seest me in holy Orders, the World will be at an end.
My Lord, ‘tis I, your trusty Trojan, _Guzman_.--what makes you here, Sir, so near the Door of your Mistress?
Methinks you make not so kind returns as my Friendship to you, and the Alliance shall be between us, deserves.
I fear there’s some Misunderstanding between us, pray let us go in a while, I’ll talk you from your error.
‘Tis high time for me that your Count were arriv’d, for this morning is destin’d the last of my Liberty.
Oh, Madam, Persons of his Quality never make Love in Words, the greatness of their Actions show their Passion.
I am still afraid of Thieves; mercy upon me, to lose five hundred Guineas at one clap, _Dick_.--Hah--bless me!
Will you not speak?--will you not answer me?--do you repent already?--before Enjoyment are you cold and false?
For had they come to plundering once, they wou’d have begun with the rich Aldermen’s Wives, you know, Sir.
I’d have you to know I scorn any man’s secrets, Sir;--for ought I know you may whisper Treason to me, Sir.
your Land is in safe hands, Sir; come, come, sit down--and let us take a Glass of Wine together, Sir--  _Bel_.
That’s all one, Sir; that’s Money’s worth, Sir: but if I had any thing that were worth nothing--  _Gay_.
And for Non-performance, you shall pay me three hundred Pounds, I’ll forfeit as much if I tell--  Sir _Cau_.
Alcippus, however, whose departure is a feint, returns secretly, leaving Pisaro to continue the journey alone.
‘Tis true, Sir: And y’ave both power and justice on your side; And there are times to exercise ‘em both.
However, I will venture, She can but chide, and that will soon be past: A Lover’s Anger is not long to last.
‘tis losing time; For what is Death, a pain that’s sooner ended Than what I felt from every frown of hers?
The gallant can only escape by pretending to be a lunatic brought to the house for medical treatment and cure.
At Lincoln’s Inn Fields, 28 June, 1717, Bullock again sustained Scaramouch and had Spiller as his Harlequin.
On this occasion Pinkethman played Harlequin; Hippisley, Scaramouch; Milward, Charmante; and Chapman, Cinthio.
Grant this, and love me, if you   will save the Life of_                                     Your _Charmante_.
But, Sir, I have a Niece and Daughter which I love equally, were it not possible they might be immortaliz’d?
Do you your Part, and because I know thee discreet and very secret, I will hereafter discover Wonders to thee.
Bring ‘em to me, And I’ll convert that Coxcomb, and that Blockhead, into Your Honour and Right-Worshipful.
Your Dancers have performed well, but ‘twere fit we knew who we have trusted with this Evening’s Intrigue.
I must get in with this damn’d Mistress of mine, or all our Plot will be spoil’d for want of Intelligence.
To stum wine is to renew dead and insipid wine by mixing new wine with it and so raising a fresh fermentation.
Sir Courtly Nice, created by Mountford, is the hero of Crowne’s excellent comedy, _Sir Courtly Nice_ (1685).
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
“It’s very hard on a poor man.  All present smiled, for Silas was one of the richest men in the village.
“How do you know my name?  “I was sent here by Mr. Conrad to meet you.  Chester brightened up at once.
Conrad couldn’t come to meet you, as he had an important engagement, so he sent me to bring you to his room.
Fairchild.  “He didn’t say anything to me about it.  “Very remarkable, certainly, rejoined Conrad.
On account of so much time being taken up by his work for the professor, he did little for the comic weeklies.
I have been in your employ for over five years.  “And of course understand all the details of my business.
He dispatched him on an errand, and was about to make some entries in the books when Dick Ralston strolled in.
He had felt so sure of securing Chester’s services, and now his old boy seemed to be quite out of his reach.
“I’m not going to be swindled in this way.  It was at this point that the office door was heard to open.
“You know you used to call me your uncle Nathaniel.  “I wouldn’t like to borrow, said Edward, shyly.
“I know, of course, that you are younger than myself and likely to outlive me, but still, life is uncertain.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
“_Do_ you love him, dear? said Miss Frost with emphasis, knitting her thick, passionate, earnest eyebrows.
In her periods of lucidity, when she saw as clear as daylight also, she certainly did not love the little man.
She felt the dark, passionate receptivity of Alexander overwhelmed her, enveloped her even from the Antipodes.
The puerile world went on crying out for a new Jesus, another Saviour from the sky, another heavenly superman.
“I don’t know what you’ll think of me, and what I’ve come for, said Alvina, with hurried amiability.
After this, so many difficulties rose up in James Houghton’s way that he was worried almost out of his life.
She was shabby and penniless, a mere household drudge: for James begrudged even a girl to help in the kitchen.
As well ask the paddlers in the small surf of passion to plunge themselves into the heaving gulf of mid-ocean.
The odd thing was that this odd fish seemed from the very first to imagine she had accepted him as a follower.
But, now his brother was there, he too seemed to have a dumb, aqueous silence, fish-like and aloof, about him.
“We get on better, don’t we? he said, giving her hand the tiniest squeeze with his arm against his side.
“Have you done for tonight, all of you? he said, grinning in echo to Alvina’s still fluttering laughter.
She just saw herself at that piano, banging off the _Merry Widow Waltz_, and, in tender moments, _The Rosary_.
While the pictures flickered and the audience gave shouts and some grubby boy called “Chot-let, penny a bar!
It was tittivated up with a touch of lavender and yellow round the door and round the decorated wooden eaving.
And then Lumley was one of those depressed, negative spots on the face of the earth which have no pull at all.
Who could have imagined the terrible eagle of his shoulders, the serpent of his loins, his supple, magic skin?
Do you mind heating the blanket while Mrs. Rollings makes thin gruel?  Max and Louis stood heating blankets.
Then, he looked up from stooping there under the horses, with a long, slow look of his yellow eyes, at Alvina.
In England railway-engines are alive, and horses go on wheels. He smiled into her eyes as if she understood.
Ciccio was trotting softly back, on his green saddle-cloth, suave as velvet, his dusky, naked torso beautiful.
Laisse le partir.  Max and Louis wrestled together in the gangway, Max looking down with hate on his friend.
Perhaps at the station he will go by train to London. It was evident Geoffrey was not going to help Mr. May.
Ciccio’s velvety, suave heaviness, the very heave of his muscles, so full and softly powerful, sickened her.
After the performance, neither Madame nor Max dared say anything to Ciccio about his innovation into the play.
“I have written about a new machine, and the supply of films from Chanticlers.  “Really! said Mr. May.
The point that amused her most of all was the fact that she was not by any means sure she wanted to marry him.
“A toi, Cic’—et bon voyage! he said, and then he tilted up his chin and swallowed in great throatfuls.
So up and down the weary hills of the hilly, industrial countryside, till at last they drew near to Woodhouse.
Geoffrey, with his thick legs planted apart, gazed round the rooms, and made his comments in French to Ciccio.
“Well, said Mr. May, “_beer_ must confirm it, since words won’t.  “What time is it? said Alvina.
and consequently, of poor me?  “Can’t you keep it going?—form a company?  “I’m afraid I can’t.
It’s no use deciding later.  The lawyer watched her with curious eyes, his hand beat a little impatiently.
Where’s the money to come from—?  “But if you’ve enough to start a little business— said Alvina.
Never had she experienced such a horrible feeling: as if something repulsive were creeping on her from behind.
And therefore, whilst he treated Alvina on this uneasy tradesman footing, he felt himself in a false position.
Very nice, lovely, awfully nice, I do like that, isn’t that beautiful, I’ve never seen anything like that!
I won’t ask you again this month.  “And I’ll promise to wonder about you all the month, she laughed.
And from outside, once more, came the despairing howl of the Neapolitan song, animal and inhuman on the night.
With a stealthy, leopard-like pride Ciccio went through the streets of London in those wild early days of war.
And then gingerly the ass would step down the steep banks, already beginning to freeze when the sun went down.
“Why didn’t you pay somebody?  “Nobody will come, said Pancrazio, in his slow, aristocratic English.
He threw himself in a chair that stood at a table there on the broad landing, and buried his head in his arms.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
The content of rhetoric included all that the ancients had learned to be of value in persuasive public speech.
In practice as distinct from theory, Isocrates probably had an influence more direct and intense, but briefer.
Then the _figurae sententiarum_, or figures of thought, such as rhetorical questions, hints, and exclamations.
The ideas and propositions of rhetoric would most ineffectually reach an audience if they were not made vivid.
Rhetoric, in Lydgate, is not used in its classical sense, but as being synonymous with ornate language--style.
But throughout the middle ages this common focus on style had led to undue consideration of style as ornament.
Bolton, for instance, in his _Hypercritica_ (c. 1618) warns the historians against the style of the _Arcadia_.
Moreover the drama is more compact; for the concentrated effect is more pleasurable than one which is diluted.
Furthermore, the gods of the Greeks were immoral and furnished their worshippers with bad examples of conduct.
It was such an educational system which prepared Ovid and Lucan for their careers as poets and men of letters.
Your hole desyre was set   Fables to fayne to eschewe ydleness,...   To dysnull vyce and the vycious to blame.
But with penetration he sees what few renaissance critics had noted before--that allegory is of two varieties.
Van Hook, L. Varchi Vettore Vicars, Thomas Victor, Julius Victorino, Mario Vida Virgil Vives, L. Vossius (J.G.
the _auctor ad Her._, I, 4, who gives them as exordium, narratio, divisio, confirmatio, confutatio, conclusio.
for references to the surprising number of translations in most European languages throughout the Middle Ages.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
After walking an hour, perhaps, we saw a light gleaming from a group of mudhuts a short distance off the road.
“What was that? said a burly member of the group, as he looked round with scowling face at his companions.
One small fragrant herb, that was the most abundant of all, we were told was used by the Kurds for making tea.
They frequently led us a roundabout way to show us off to their relatives or friends in a neighboring village.
With the photographer to the Shah as German interpreter, we spent half an hour in an interesting conversation.
Impassable roads kept us anxious prisoners for a month and a half after the necessary papers had been secured.
We had never met a people of a more peaceful temperament, and, on the other hand, none more easily frightened.
Being unavoidably detained for a few moments, we did not come up until some time after the column had started.
The Chinese language, the most primitive in the world, is, for this very reason perhaps, the hardest to learn.
The river, before reaching Manas, was so swift and deep as to necessitate the use of regular government carts.
It is really a matching of numbers, for which the Chinamen make signs on their fingers, up to the numeral ten.
At every stopping-place they would hold forth at length to the curious crowd about their roadside experiences.
From the smile on the jolly face beside us, we knew at once whom we could hold responsible for this reception.
With a sudden jolt on a steep descent, it collapsed entirely, and precipitated the rider over the handle-bars.
Mr. Moo was the local telegraph operator, with whom we, and our friends Woo and Choo, of Shanghai, associated.
Then we noticed that the full moon in a cloudless sky had already passed the half-way mark in a total eclipse.
- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free       distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
But thou may’st do as bad, and marry him, And that’s a Sin I cannot over-live; --No, hear my Vows--  _Cel_.
That’s all one, ‘tis my Recreation; I serv’d a Woman so the other night, to whom my Mistress had a Pique.
Why, Sir _Timothy_--Pox on’t, thou’rt dull, we are not half debauch’d and leud enough, give us more Wine.
Yes, Sir, you have offended me, and Nature has offended me; you are his Brother, and that’s an Offence to me.
Most certain; this Night if you can let _Antonio_ see you, he’ll tell you all the Cheat, and beg your Pardon.
No, the Market’s well enough stored, thanks be praised, might every Woman be afforded a reasonable Allowance.
I am something ill-bred, I confess, Sir;--’tis dark, and if I shou’d do’t no body wou’d know ‘twas I.
Come, come, trust your Wife’s Discretion, and Modesty--and I doubt not but you will find your self--  _Fran_.
No matter for that, so you know not my Wife--and so farewel to you, Sir, and, the Devil take all Cuckoldmakers.
Well, you have your full Instructions; your Baggage, Bills and Letters, from _Octavio_ the _Sevilian_ Merchant.
Ha, ha, ha,--Pages,--give order, I have Letters writ to _Sevil_, to my Merchant,--I will be ransomed instantly.
Why a certain Ceremony, which must be performed between a pair of Sheets,--but we’ll let it alone till Night.
12 December, 1786, Walpole, writing from Berkeley Square to the Countess of Upper Ossary, says: ‘To-night ...
contracted to _Bellmour, married to Sir    _Feeble_, young and virtuous,                           Mrs. _Cook_.
_Did my_ Julia _know how I languish in this cruel Separation,   she would afford me her pity, and write oftner.
There’s something in his Face so like my _Bellmour_, it calls my Blushes up, and leaves my Heart defenceless.
H’e’, my little Puskin--what, fly me, my coy _Daphne_,                                    [_He pursues her.
Before Injoyment-- Ay, ay, ‘tis I--I see a little Prolonging a Woman’s Joy, sets an Edge upon her Appetite.
a short Thanksgiving or so--but Prayers quoth a--’Sbobs, you’ll have time enough for that, I doubt--  _Le_.
Gentlemen, you must be sure to confine your selves to this Circle, and have a care you neither swear, nor pray.
Come, dry your Eyes--and rest your self contented, we are a couple of old Coxcombs; d’ye Hear, Sir, Coxcombs.
Well, that’s all one; but if she should Demand any thing concerning me, (for Love’s inquisitive) dost hear?
--Methinks--it does--support me--or I fall; And so--shall break to pieces--              [_Falls into his Arms.
There is no delay, the lovers are united in matrimony, Baliardo being overwhelmed at the honour done his house.
--Seignior Apothecary, I’ll not expostulate the circumstantial Reasons that have occasion’d me this Honour.
Dresswell was obviously the original name of Friendlove, and Mrs. Behn forgot to alter her MS. at this passage.
Slang (still in common use) ‘stumer’, a generic term for anything worthless, especially a worthless cheque.
This curious tableau is a striking example of the Elizabethan ‘Dumb Show’ lingering on to Restoration days.
Philander and Irene are the conventional names of lovers in the novels and puppet plays which were fashionable.
Later days elucidate his fate by declaring that overbalancing himself he broke his neck on the marble pavement.
Three dollars a week too much!  “Too much, considerin’ the state of business, and yourself bein’ a boy.
“Then I guess I’ll have to leave you, Mr. Tripp, said Chester, with a deep feeling of disgust and dismay.
That’s a fancy price.  “What rent would you charge in case we sold it to you, Mr. Tripp, asked Chester.
You will find when you have more experience that an artist can accomplish three times as much when in the mood.
How much do you think I have to pay for my room—without board?  “Three dollars a week, guessed Chester.
“You don’t mean that?  “I never smoked a cigarette in my life.  “Then it’s high time you learned.
Babies know their friends instinctively, and this particular baby was soon in a frolic with its young guardian.
“So you’re promoted to boss?  “Yes, answered the bookkeeper, showing his teeth in a complacent smile.
“I see, Mr. Tripp, said Mrs. Rand, smiling, “that you think Chester is out of a position.  “So he is.
“Uncle has a friend from Oregon visiting him, and as he is an interesting talker, you will enjoy meeting him.
Fairchild has got home, Cousin David has run away and Mr. Ralston is arrested.  “That’s a budget of news.
The blacksmith’s hand was all a blacksmith’s hand need be, and his dialect was as broad as could be wished.
Before going back to Australia, he came to spend some months practising with old Dr. Fordham in Woodhouse—Dr.
CHAPTER III THE MATERNITY NURSE   Of course Alvina made everybody pay for her mood of submission and sweetness.
He would ask her out to ridiculously expensive suppers, and send her sweets and flowers, fabulously recherché.
“You can’t expect—But time—time brings back—  “Oh well—but I don’t believe it, said Alvina.
By this time James Houghton had a pathetic, childish look which touched the hearts of Alvina and Miss Pinnegar.
It was left to Alvina to suggest: “Why doesn’t father let the shop, and some of the house?  Let the shop!
Yet her anger was of that dangerous, half-ironical sort which wears away its subject and has no outward effect.
He nipped in to eat his supper, and started out again with a mouthful the moment he heard the ping of the bell.
“But I’d rather not take any more walks, thank you—none at all, she said, looking him full in the eyes.
_And_ I’ll interview the managers and the performers themselves—as if I were a journalist, don’t you see.
“We are negotiating for the machinery now: the dynamo and so on.  “But where is it to be? asked Alvina.
And have you just thought about those that are coming, or have you made sure?  Arthur looked at him sullenly.
She went on with Alvina to the little stage door at the back, and up the steps into the scrap of dressing-room.
Geoffrey gulped beer in large throatfuls, and Ciccio, with his head bent, was watching from under his eyebrows.
There was a sort of nobility about his erect white form and stiffly-carried head, the semi-luminous brown hair.
It’s not like the cinema, where you see it all and take it all in at once; you _know_ everything at a glance.
The frowsy Miss Pinnegar could crumple her up and throw her down the utilitarian drain, and have done with her.
Perhaps he will go off to Italy all the same.  They sat in the bumping tram-car, a long and wearying journey.
Then she added: “Wouldn’t you like to take off your hat?  “If you truly wish me to stay, said Madame.
There were nine cabs, besides the hearse—Woodhouse had revived its ancient respect for the house of Houghton.
Nobody knows where I am.  Madame looked up with bright, black, censorious eyes, at the flushed girl opposite.
I wish you would let me.  Madame bent her head so that nothing showed but the bright black folds of her hair.
“Big, hot fires, aren’t they? he said, as he lifted the burning coals from the glowing mass of the grate.
The countless generations of civilization behind him had left him an instinct of the world’s meaninglessness.
Having ten minutes still, Alvina sat down and wrote to Ciccio: “I am glad I have got this post as nurse here.
An’ I’m at him night an’ day about it—  “Oh well, if he will hear no reason, he must suffer for it.
Her spirit, which had been as if asleep these months, now woke rather irritably, and chafed against its collar.
“Una canzone bella-bella—molto bella—  She pronounced her syllables one by one, calling into the night.
As her pains suddenly gripped her, she uttered an exclamation, and pressed her clenched fists hard on her face.
At the same moment the door of the study opened, and the musician, a burly fellow with troubled hair, came out.
Giuseppe was there, and Gemma his wife, and two of the children, besides three other Italian friends of Ciccio.
I have no woman, nothing, everything is wrong—  He broke the pieces of cane and kindled them in the hearth.
For they all seemed lost, like lost, forlorn aborigines, and they treated Alvina as if she were a higher being.
And there on the landing she saw him standing in the darkness with his arm over his face, as if fending a blow.
She sat in the darkness on the seat, with all life gone dark and still, death and eternity settled down on her.
“I am just going upstairs again.  “You frightened me.  She went up to finish the preparing of the meal.
No one shall be arrested or imprisoned upon the appeal of a woman, for the death of any other than her husband.
No one shall be arrested or imprisoned upon the appeal of a woman, for the death of any other than her husband.
The same essential difference between classical rhetoric and poetic appears in the content of classical poetic.
He busies himself throughout twelve books in teaching his students how to use all possible means to persuasion.
The poet they call orator, and the orator poet, because both put   eloquence and harmony into their discourses.
The attack and defense both rested on moral, not aesthetic, sanctions and will be discussed in a later section.
And with Sidney the Aristotelianism of the Italian renaissance makes its first appearance in English criticism.
Whereas Aristotle classified poetry with music and dance, Jonson compares the epic or dramatic plot to a house.
But he will not go the whole way with Jonson and deny the name of poet to one whose material is not fictitious.
Even when delight was admitted as an end, it was simply because of its usefulness in effecting the ethical aim.
So the subject   of poetry is the feigned fable and the fabulous, and its means or   instrument is the example.
In his _Defence of Poetry_ (1579), Lodge retreats to the caverns of the middle ages to equip himself with arms.
Inasmuch as the Kurdish chief had not arrived, the mutessarif said he would make us bearers of a letter to him.
We still kept cool, and only casually insinuated that we did not have enough money to pay for so large a party.
To every interrogation they replied, “I don’t know. But presto, change, on the presentation of documents!
This city was one of our principal landmarks across the empire; a long stage of the journey was here completed.
Over the front and back of the scarlet waistcoats were worked in black silk letters their military credentials.
Some of the mornings of what proved to be very hot days were cold enough to make our extremities fairly tingle.
_The Town-Fop; or, Sir Timothy Tawdrey_ was produced at the Duke’s Theatre, Dorset Garden, in September, 1676.
Oh, how I love Revenge, that has a double Pleasure in it--and where--and where is this fine piece of Temptation?
Yes, e’er she read the Letter, ask’d your Health, And Joy dispers’d it self in Blushes through her Cheeks.
Ay, Sir, ‘tis a Revenge fit only for a Whore to take--And the Affront you receiv’d to Night, was by mistake.
I know there is a way to gain all mortal Womankind; but how to hit the critical Minute of the Berjere--  _Phil_.
I’m no competent Judge, an’t like your Holiness, --This Catechism was certainly of the Devil’s own making.
Men that have kind Wives may be as happy; you’ll have the honour of being made a Cuckold, Heaven be prais’d.
Hurt, Sirrah, you shall be swinged into a belief, that it is an honour for the Great _Turk_ to borrow your Wife.
_You, before you enter here   On this sacred Ring must swear_,           [Puts it on his Finger, holds his Hand.
What though the King have said it shall be so, ’.is not his pleasure can become thy Law, No, nor it shall not.
Oh _Isillia_, Thou knowest not what vast Treasure this incloses, This sacred Pile; is there no Sorrow due to it?
So, so, Don _Charmante_ has played his Part most exquisitely; I’ll in and see how it works in his Pericranium.
I doubt you are mistaken in that, Sir, for ‘twas I was the Spark that writ the proper Stuff To do you service.
And if I may obtain your Condescension to my Hymenaeal Propositions, I doubt not my Operation with the Fair One.
Omitted nothing, Seignior, no City, Town, Village, or Villa; no Castle, River, Bridge, Lake, Spring, or Mineral.
I’m in a Rapture--How shall I pay my Gratitude for this great Negotiation?--but as I may, I humbly offer, Sir.
1724 places the entrance after ‘Sighs and Tears.’ 4to 1687 gives it in a bracket by Leticia’s three lines.
Former editions ‘and Boy.’ But Dick’s name is given in the Dramatis Personae and later in this same scene.
After his retirement in 1683 it fell to Betterton, of whose greatness in the part Cibber gives a lively picture.
Downes mentions _Othello, The Taming of the Shrew_, and several by Beaumont and Fletcher, Ben Jonson, and Brome.
The name is taken from the romance (of which there were many versions) and which proved extraordinarily popular.
I guess I’ll get something else to do.  He turned and left the store, walking with a slower step than usual.
About half-past three he met Abel Wood tugging a large basket, filled with groceries, to the minister’s house.
During the sickness of Walter Bruce he had given up his time to helping his mother and the care of the sick man.
It doesn’t seem possible.  “I wish I could work twenty minutes every week at that rate, laughed Chester.
“Now, Chester, you can come to my den. Arthur opened the door of a large room, furnished with every comfort.
He accepted it as plain matter of fact, and his heart beat quickly as he fancied himself winning as large a sum.
He found the financial agents occupying handsome offices, well furnished and covered with a thick Turkey carpet.
How old are you, Mr. Rand?  “Sixteen.  “I suppose you began your art education early?  Chester smiled.
We haven’t as much here.  He went to another part of the bank and returned after a time with three packages.
“How can I repay you?  “By being my friend!  “That I shall be—for life! replied Edward, fervently.
“If you will wait till I reach Tacoma my son will give me money to pay you.  “I am not allowed to do that.
I was paid a commission, and got on very well till one unlucky day I fell in with an acquaintance from New York.
You were out in a boat with two other young fellows—that is, a young man who was the perfect image of you was.
Now James Houghton, at the age of twenty-eight, inherited a splendid business in Manchester goods, in Woodhouse.
He was immensely proud of his first cards of elastic, and saw Dame Fortune this time fast in his yielding hands.
“Anywhere, if I can get out of Woodhouse.  “Do you wish you had gone to Australia? put in Miss Pinnegar.
It seemed to her she had not a moment’s time to brood or reflect about things—she was too much in the swing.
Bah, with their trousers turned up to their knees it was enough for them to wet their toes in the dangerous sea.
The two Miss Carlins, two more old maids, had made themselves ridiculous for ever by becoming twin cycle fiends.
She shut the baize door behind her, and hurried across to the vestry, for vases, then out to the tap, for water.
He came forward lifting his hat with a smiling and familiar “Good evening!  “Good evening, she murmured.
Luckily, when he had had the shirts made he had secured enough material for the renewing of cuffs and neckbands.
There was an army of fat pennies, a dozen to a column, along the back, rows and rows of fat brown rank-and-file.
CHAPTER VII NATCHA-KEE-TAWARA   Mr. May and Alvina became almost inseparable, and Woodhouse buzzed with scandal.
The Natcha-Kee-Tawaras were due in the third week in January, arriving from the Potteries on the Sunday evening.
Till Thursday, then, Kishwégin does not exist.  And she subsided, already rather weak, upon her pillow again.
And he was horribly uncomfortable, walking there beside Alvina with his rather small and effeminately-shod feet.
“Oh, good-morning, Madame, so glad to see you downstairs, he said, taking her hand and bowing ceremoniously.
“Can’t we put it on?  “No, drawled Madame, “it was nothing—just a non-sensical mood of the moment.
“We had best go home and speak to Madame, said Mr. May, who was very frightened for his evening performance.
Ciccio laughed in a strange way, as he wrestled with the bear, as he had never laughed on the previous evenings.
Here are the things you brought— Madame indicated a little pile—“and thank you _very_ much, _very_ much.
She locked the door and kneeled down on the floor, bowing down her head to her knees in a paroxysm on the floor.
“What have you said to Miss Houghton? she said suddenly to Ciccio, tackling him direct, and speaking coldly.
“This is just like him, to be so—so— Madame could not express herself as she walked down to the kitchen.
Mr. May looked even more distant, drawing himself up in an odd fashion, so that he looked as if he were trussed.
James had left everything to his daughter, excepting some rights in the work-shop, which were Miss Pinnegar’s.
He was awful to her, shameless so that she died under his shamelessness, his smiling, progressive shamelessness.
Alvina, emerging from a draper’s shop in Rotherhampton Broadway, found them loitering on the pavement outside.
I don’t know how father’s affairs are really.  He looked at her, and again his eye wandered over the room.
But almost instantly she recognized how much stronger he was, and she was still, mute and motionless with anger.
She felt strange in Woodhouse, almost as if the ground had risen from under her feet and hit her over the mouth.
I know she can’t bear me already, for all the fuss and upset I cause.  Ciccio rose slowly, wiping his mouth.
She rather looked forward to leaving the Town Hall, hurrying to take her bag and off to the station and freedom.
“Sometimes, said the matron, “women are charmed to be intruded upon.  “Oh really! his eyes sparkled.
CHAPTER XII ALLAYE ALSO IS ENGAGED   Alvina found it pleasant to be respected as she was respected in Lancaster.
When he was awake, however, he smiled at Alvina, and said: “Allaye!  The dark, waking smile upset her badly.
Pancrazio was the well-to-do uncle, who had been a model and had built a “villa. Giovanni was not much good.
There was evidently not too much intimacy between the people of Pescocalascio and these semi-townfolk of Ossona.
Alvina crossed rather tremulous, followed by Pancrazio with the light, and Ciccio with the bread and the valise.
Ciccio rose early, and went about in the hap-hazard, useless way of Italians all day long, getting nothing done.
Ciccio and Pancrazio were bargaining for two cowskin rugs: she saw Ciccio standing with his head rather forward.
(7) At her husband’s death, a widow may have her marriage portion and inheritance at once and without trouble.
The order of the parts of a speech is determined not by a plot, but by the needs of presentation to an audience.
It is narrative instead of dramatic; fable prevails over action; passion has degenerated into character-drawing.
Thus in the teaching of the schools, as well as in practice, the oration gave place to the epistle and dictamen.
Thus one should follow the precepts of Aristotle for theory, and imitate Virgil for epic and Seneca for tragedy.
praises Spenser for his dewe observing of decorum everye where, in personages, in seasons, in matter, in speach.
Solidity and Fluency, he says, better becomes the historian, then Singularity of Oratorical or Poetical Notions.
Clement of Alexandria and Origen rejected the extravagances, but sought to retain the mysticism of the Gnostics.
If he believed that the purpose of poetry was to teach truth by example pleasantly, at least he does not say so.
That is, when the Secrets and Misteries of Religion, Pollicy, or Philosophy, are involved in Fables or Parables.
Ekmek is a cooked bran-flour paste, which has the thinness, consistency, and almost the taste of blotting-paper.
As it was made in huge circular sheets, we would often punch a hole in the middle, and slip it up over our arms.
He reached the summit with a party of three Armenians and two Russian soldiers, after two unsuccessful attempts.
It was here that the muleteer showed evident signs of weakening, which later on developed into a total collapse.
These consisted of pieces of liver, served with lumps of fat from the tail of their peculiarly fat-tailed sheep.
Thither we had recently sent it on leaving Tashkend, with instructions to remit in currency to Irkutsk, Siberia.
“How much would it take? was the question that our past experience in Asiatic travel now aided us to answer.
Their well-cushioned saddles did not save them from the constant jolting to which our high speed subjected them.
They would wake us up many hours before daylight to make a start, despite our previous request to be left alone.
With an early morning start, however, we struck out at once over the eighty-five miles of the Takla Makan sands.
The neglected gardens no longer check the advancing sands, which in some places were drifting over the ramparts.
We would promise to ride for a certain sum of money, thinking thus to throw the burden of refusal on themselves.
It is a requisite with them that the clothes must be loose, and so draped as to conceal the contour of the body.
We in turn were just as busily engaged in taking a mental sketch of his most prominent physical characteristics.
“Of all the countries through which you have passed, which do you consider the best? the viceroy then asked.
They may be modified and printed and given away — you may do practically _anything_ with public domain eBooks.
Pray give me till to morrow, Sir, to answer you; For I have yet some Fears about my Soul, That take away my Rest.
--Surely the Pow’rs above envy’d my Bliss; Marrying _Celinda_, I had been an Angel, So truly blest, and good.
Yes, indeed, Sir, the four hundred Guineas you left behind my young Mistress’s Looking-glass fell to his share.
_Car_.--And I wou’d speak to any body, Friend, that belongs to the fair _Clara_,--if you are any of this house.
you’re mistaken, as soon as I cast my eyes upon the Full-moon of your Countenance, I was struck blind and dumb.
Ay, and deaf too, I’ll be sworn, he cou’d neither hear, see nor understand; this Love’s a miraculous thing.
An’t please your Lordship, my Fears have so transform’d me, I cannot tell whether I’m any thing or nothing.
Nay, hang me if it be my fault, _Antonio_: Charge it to the number of your own Sins; it shall not lie at my door.
Some that are wiser answer us: You, Son,--are you infected too?--was not yesterday to have been your Wedding-day?
Here, _Rag_, run and fetch her a Pint of Sack--there’s no other way of quenching the Fire in her flabber Chops.
I’m sure I grasp not Air; thou art no Fantom: Thy Arms return not empty to my Bosom, But meet a solid Treasure.
Rise the earlier then--  _Gay_.--But, Madam, the Gentleman lies dangerously--sick--and should he die--  L. _Ful_.
I am sorry that it does not, since to maintain This Gallantry, ‘tis said you use base means, Below a Gentleman.
_Enter two Porters and_ Rag, _bearing_ Gayman _in a Chest;     set it down, he comes forth with a Dark-lanthorn_.
Sir, ‘tis but just you should excuse my Fear, _Alcippus_ is my Husband, and his Safety Ought to become my care.
Thy guilt is here too plain, I need not read it in thy blushing face, She’s dead and pale: Ah, sweet _Erminia_!
Oh, do not say so; For though the World had nought I held more dear, I would not see her Ghost for all the World.
To doubt thee were a sin below my nature, And to declare my faith above my fear, Behold what I present thee with.
--It is the same appear’d to me last night, --And my deluded Fancy Would have persuaded me ‘twas but a dream.
Ten years later, still at this theatre, on 20 October, 1731, Hall was again Baliardo and Mrs. Egleton, Mopsophil.
This is a very ignorant running Baud,--therefore first search her for _Billets-Doux_, and then have her pump’d.
They come forth with all their Train,     the Flutes playing a Symphony before them, which prepares the     Song.
4to 1677 has ‘Ex.’ after ‘Celinda.’ 1724 ’.xit’ after ‘Southampton House.’  p. 22, l. 6 _Exeunt_.
The former editions, regarding Scenes I and II of this act as one, read ’.cene III.’  p. 34, l. 21 _nor one_.
There are innumerable instances from Mandeville (1356); down to recent times, and even Devonshire dialect to-day.
It is noticeable that all other editions, save the first quarto (1671), in this passage read ’.n an undress’.
Now, don’t you?  “No, I don’t; but, Mr. Tripp, mother and I find it very hard to get along, really we do.
He was kindly and genial, with a pleasant humor that made him agreeable company for the young as well as the old.
Even fifty cents would be acceptable.  “You hold your talent cheap, Chester, said Mr. Conrad, with a smile.
“Then you have been in Wyncombe before?  “I never lived here, but I know Silas Tripp better than I want to.
I shall feel easier when I have attended to this last duty.  Within half an hour the lawyer was at his bedside.
“That ain’t answerin’ the question.  “I don’t propose to answer the question, said Chester, firmly.
There was but one person in the office, a young man with black whiskers and mustache and an unamiable expression.
“I’ll have that boy out of this place within a month, or my name isn’t David Mullins, he said to himself.
You don’t look dignified enough to be his assistant.  “That may come in time, said Chester, with a smile.
“Yes, I came with Arthur.  “Will you stay with me a little while?  “A little while, but I must soon go.
I think I should enjoy having one.  “If he could only be always like this, said the professor, regretfully.
“It is Dick Ralston, answered Arthur, “one of the most notorious gamblers in the city.     CHAPTER XVIII.
Have pity on me, Dick, and give me something.  “You ought not to have come here, returned Ralston, roughly.
He looked askance at Dick Ralston, whose loud dress and general appearance left little doubt as to his character.
You seem to have a clear head, and are observing.  It was the evening for Chester to call at Prof. Hazlitt’s.
He had before now been invited to take a drink at some convenient saloon, but he had never been tempted to do so.
I was told he was workin’ here.  “Yes, he was working here, answered Mullins, emphasizing the past tense.
He suits me.  Mr. Tripp leaned back in the rocking-chair and looked as if he had made a very handsome proposal.
Yesterday a check for a thousand dollars was paid in at the office, and deposited in the bank to-day.  “Good!
“It is nearly two weeks, he said, “since I engaged Mr. Sharpleigh to watch what was going on in the office.
When Edward left the room Chester took from his pocket a letter received the day previous, and postmarked Tacoma.
He remembered Mr. Floyd’s objecting to the innocent beverages mentioned, and his decided preference for whisky.
“The young man you saw drowned must have been a stranger.  “Yes, returned Floyd, grasping the suggestion.
He was weak and influenced to evil by his cousin; but with good surroundings he is likely to turn out creditably.
The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596–1887.
The women would pinch the thick, exquisite old chenille fringe, delicate and faded, curious to feel its softness.
The Congregational Chapel provided Alvina with a whole outer life, lacking which she would have been poor indeed.
Black-purple and red anemones were due, real Adonis blood, and strange individual orchids, spotted and fantastic.
She watched the swing of the grey colliers along the pavement with a new fascination, hypnotized by a new vision.
I shall never have a heart to feel anything any more, said Alvina, with a strange, distraught roll of the eyes.
It’s just ridiculous! she blurted, bridling and ducking her head and turning aside, like an indignant turkey.
In private, she was tyrannously exacting with the servants, and spiteful, rather mean with her motherless nieces.
Arthur Witham was also one of the Chapel men—as had been his common, interfering, uneducated father before him.
She was always more or less busy: and certainly there was always something to be done, whether she did it or not.
Go on—  Now the coach-road was a level drive between beautiful park-like grass-stretches, down in the valley.
“Of course he’s not the man I should have imagined for you, but—  “You think he’ll do? said Alvina.
Alvina set about to make a mock woodcock, or a mock something or other, with cheese and an egg and bits of toast.
But, seriously faced with that treasure, and without the option of refusing it, strange how hideous she found it.
But she fled out again from the sight of Miss Poppy in her yellow hair and green knickers with green-lace frills.
James before the illuminated curtain of local adverts, bowing and beginning and not making a single word audible!
The dark redness of bronze, like full-blooded fleas, seemed alive and pulsing, the silver was magic as if winged.
When once this tramway-system was working, he would have a supply of youths and lasses always on tap, as it were.
“Get up, great beast, Louis was saying softly in French, pushing him as ox-drivers sometimes push their oxen.
And the Swiss from Martigny knew that the Neapolitan would go, breaking all ties, one day suddenly back to Italy.
I can’t give you anything you want from Natcha-Kee-Tawara.  And Madame busied herself again with the packing.
For one moment she looked at Madame, who was shuddering with cold, her face hidden behind her black spotted veil.
And thirty benevolently-officious wills were striving to plant each one its own particular scheme of benevolence.
WE HAVE NO LAW BUT HURON LAW!  “We have no law but Huron law! sang the response, in a deep, sardonic chant.
“With _every_ wish for your success in love, Miss Houghton, and your _devoted_ servant— He bowed and drank.
“Because I shall _have_ to give some account of myself, or they’ll make me do something I don’t want to do.
The matron and sisters and doctors and patients were all part of her day’s work, and she regarded them as such.
After which Dr. Mitchell, mollified, largely told the patient how she was to behave, concluding:  “Nourishment!
And now I am middle-aged more or less, I feel as light as if I were just beginning life. He beamed down at her.
The doctor, clinging to her hand, struggled to his feet and flung his arms round her, clasping her wildly to him.
He had got the same brownish suit on, which she disliked, the same black hat set slightly, jauntily over one eye.
I can’t leave Mrs. Tuke.  Ciccio obediently followed Alvina into the house and up the stairs, without a word.
He watched her with his yellow eyes, from under his long black lashes, like some chained animal, haunted by doom.
“Oh! exclaimed Pancrazio, “they have done nothing that I told them. He made queer noises of exasperation.
The heap of maize on one side burned like hot sunshine, she felt it really gave off warmth, it glowed, it burned.
And if I leave the donkey in her shed, I give Marta Maria something, or the next time she won’t let me have it.
She was beginning to feel that, if she lived in this part of the world at all, she must avoid the _inside_ of it.
There shall also be a standard width of dyed cloth, russett, and haberject, namely two ells within the selvedges.
* No one shall be arrested or imprisoned on the appeal of a woman for the death of any person except her husband.
The usual meaning of the word to the Greek, as to the modern, seems to be little more than an aping or mimicking.
An understanding of classical rhetoric can be gained only by a study of its purpose, subject-matter, and content.
Longinus, while showing the relations of rhetoric and poetic, keeps the two apart; Dionysius draws them together.
This law of decorum was formulated by Horace in his _Ars Poetica_,[207] whence it was derived by the renaissance.
This was our last guard for many weeks to come, as we decided to dispense with an escort that really retarded us.
We thought, however, if Kurdish highway robbery took no worse form than this, we could well afford to be content.
The clouds that were rolling between us and the mountain summit seemed but a token of the storm of circumstances.
But in the spring and autumn its arid surface is clothed, as if by enchantment, with verdure and prairie flowers.
Immediately on entering, he began to shrug his shoulders, and to shiver as though passing into a state of trance.
Elsewhere the ground is furrowed by sudden torrents tearing down the slopes of the occasional hills or mountains.
Through its abandoned gateway we almost staggered with weakness, and directed our course to the miserable bazaar.
He started back, as we suddenly appeared, and then dismounted, hurriedly, to throw his lantern’s glare upon us.
This we could do by taking the train at Tientsin, even as late as seven hours after the departure of the steamer.
The authors use both “Yengiz and “Yenghiz, “bakshish and “baksheesh, “pilaff and “pillao.
To donate, please visit: http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/donate                                   Section 5.
It was a year of considerable changes in the company, and any attempt to supply these would be the merest surmise.
In fine, dear Rogues, all things are sacrific’d to its Power; and no Mortal conceives the Joy of Argent Content.
I must confess, I am unus’d to this kind of Dialogue; and I am an Ass, if I know what to say to such a Creature.
--But yet she need not speak, a Look’s sufficient To call up all my Sins to my undoing-- She comes--Oh Heav’n!
I give Consent to’t, he has a noble Character; and what he wants in Fortune, has in Virtue--take her, young Man.
I say you’re an old jealous Fool; have I seen Don _Carlos_, or heard from Don _Carlos_, or sent to Don _Carlos_?
May I believe thee,--but when thou seest the difference, alas, I am but a Chimney--hum, nothing to a great _Turk_.
I’ll warrant you, Sir, mind your Love-affairs,--he’s coming in,--retire, Sir.--                         [_Ex_.
no, I am a Scoundrel; I a Count, no, not I, a Dog, a very Chim--hum,--a Son of a Whore, I, not worthy your notice.
They are secret Instructions to the People, in things that ‘tis impossible to insinuate into them any other Way.
You catechise me roundly--’tis not fair to name, but I am no Starter, _Harry_; just as you left me, you find me.
and lie with him!-- Here will I stand and see this shameful Woman, See if she dares pass by me to this Wickedness.
I must be gone, lest he suspect us--I’ll lose him, and return to thee immediately--get thy self ready.--  _Let_.
‘Slife, after all to seem deform’d, old, ugly--                                          [_Walking in a fret_.
Oh, Sir, leave ‘em to us for that; and if we do not play the Devil with ‘em, we deserve they shou’d beat us.
_And that’s civil, Sir--Come, lead the way,        With such a Guide, the Devil’s in’t if we can go astray_.
Oh, I am not able to indure it-- Hold--oh, hold, my Dear--                              [_He kneels as she rises_.
_Alcander_, Friend to the Prince, in love with    _Aminta_,                                           Mr. _Young_.
Nay, thou hast a hard task on’t, to make Vows to all the Women he makes love to; Indeed I pity thee; ha, ha, ha.
Neither of these, _Alcippus_; It will unman you, make you too despis’d; And those that now admire will pity you.
Sir, if that Promise be already past, And that your Word be irrevocable, I vow I will not live a moment after him.
‘Twas this _Aminta_ would persuade me to, And, faith, I laught at her, And wish I might have leave to do so now.
Cinthio _finding     he was discovered falls to acting a Mad-man, _Scaramouch     _helps up the Doctor, and bows_.
From the Moon, a Serenade,--I see no signs on’t here, indeed it must be so--I’ll think on’t more at leisure.
Not one of which, but represents     The Attributes of Love,   Who governs all the Elements     In Harmony above_.
There are, however, exceptions to this rule, more particularly when some elaborate set or Tableau began a new act.
he design’d to have Put upon me, Sharpt me, Bullied me, or Affronted me.’  p. 251 _we are not half in kelter_.
The first Duke of Beaufort, the staunchest of Tories, was high in favour with Charles I, Charles II, and James II.
Cyrano de Bergerac’s [Greek Selaenarchia] _or the Government of the World in the Moon: Done into English by Tho.
I can’t have you trapesing home when you ought to be at work.  “Then I don’t think I can come, Mr. Dexter.
When Silas Tripp went into his store the next day he was startled to find a window in the rear was partially open.
“What is it, then?  “Oh, I dassn’t tell.  “Look here, Abel, I won’t stir a step till you do tell me.
You are acting very strangely.  “Well, somethin’ terrible has happened, Abel ejaculated, in excited tones.
Maybe you can tell who took the money.  “I think I can.  All eyes were turned upon her in eager expectation.
Mr. Tripp was so pleased to recover his bills that he neglected to complain of the silver coins that were missing.
Chester laughed at the idea of his having any evening engagements in a city which he had not seen for eight years.
He left the car and walked slowly along the platform, looking eagerly on all sides for the expected friendly face.
He said he hadn’t the money, but would bring it in a few days.  James Long listened in indignant astonishment.
“If you will make me as good a boxer as yourself, I shall feel very much indebted.  “That will come in time.
Chester went to the Fifth Avenue Hotel without the slightest suspicion that he had been sent on a fool’s errand.
You look as if you had got out of the wrong side of the bed.  “I had a disagreeable thing happen last evening.
Has he got money?  “He didn’t tell me.  “He gave Felix money to go to the theater, interposed Mullins.
“Well, Felix, said the bookkeeper, “you’ve got the place at last.  “Yes, smiled Felix, complacently.
I can show you one of my pictures now.  Chester took from the table a number of _Puck_ and pointed out a sketch.
“If I needed anything to keep me from drinking, Mr. Radcliff’s example would be sufficient, thought Chester.
High interest always attracts men who love money, and it so happened that Silas had five hundred dollars invested.
In two or three years he might have been earnin’ four or five dollars a week, and he could have boarded at home.
Will you join us this evening?  “You are very polite, but I have an engagement with Chester.  “A mere boy!
His artistic work was so satisfactory that his salary had been raised from twenty-five to thirty dollars per week.
“Under the circumstances, said the lawyer, “I think Mrs. Trimble is right.  Trimble looked panic-stricken.
And charming, entrancing, he served them his lovely fabrics, which only he and they could sufficiently appreciate.
That was how it went: it would nearly all of it iron out into something really nice, poor James’ crumpled stock.
Miss Frost taught Alvina thoroughly the qualities of her own true nature, and Alvina believed what she was taught.
She felt herself more in sympathy with Miss Pinnegar—it was so easy to get on with her, she left so much unsaid.
But because, collectively, something bubbled up in them, the force of darkness which had no master and no control.
When he had got his degree, he would return to South Africa to become head of his school, at seven hundred a year.
Her eyes were dilated and as if amused, mocking, her face quivered a little with irony that was not all enjoyable.
I shall not lend him anything, I shall not think about it, it will be the same to me as if there _were_ no cinema.
He trussed himself up, when he was angry or displeased, and sharp, snip-snap came his words, rather like scissors.
Our pictures do shake, and our films are rather ragged.  “But then, _surely_ they’re good enough! he said.
I can only say what I truly think, can’t I?  “Ah, you Englishwomen, said Madame, watching with black eyes.
She was a trifle nervous as he smiled at her from out of the stable, so yellow-eyed and half-mysterious, derisive.
Englishwomen are all nonsense: the worst women in the world for nonsense.  “Well, I am English, said Alvina.
Some weeks they had bored her, some weeks she had detested them, but there was always a chance in the coming week.
It was the clean modelling of his dark, other-world face that decided her—for it sent the deep spasm across her.
Only some southern obstinacy made him watch, from the duskiness of his face, the pale, reserved girl at the grave.
When the ceremony was over, and the mourners turned away to go back to the cabs, Madame pressed forward to Alvina.
During this passage in French Alvina sat with very bright eyes looking from one to another, and not understanding.
“Now it is mine.  He looked at her, then at the things in the room, then out of the window, then at her again.
Quite natch’ral!  Mr. May wiped his eyes, with his handkerchief which had unfortunately mopped up his whiskey.
I came to you for news.  “Ah! said the lawyer, and he fingered a paper-weight that covered a pile of papers.
Ciccio would have had a lifelong respect for her, if she had come with even so paltry a sum as two hundred pounds.
It all worked out that some thirty-three pounds, which the creditors made up to fifty pounds, remained for Alvina.
In fact, during the latter part of August she wondered a good deal more about the Natchas than about Dr. Mitchell.
And slowly the hills approached—they passed the vines of the foothills, the reeds, and were among the mountains.
Go on, and I shall come in a minute.  “Ay-er-er! cried Giovanni at the ass, striking the flank of the beast.
They had glowed dawn as she crossed the river outwards, they were white-fiery now in the dusk sky as she returned.
Indeed, he states explicitly that most forms of poetry do use all of the media mentioned: rhythm, tune, and meter.
It includes the study of arguments and fallacies; and is that part of rhetoric which is closest neighbor to logic.
The end of the sentence was to be marked not by a printer's sign, but by the falling cadence of the rhythm itself.
Antony's speech in _Julius Caesar_ is the best known modern example of the legitimate place of rhetoric in poetic.
The False Rhetoric of the Declamation School   Later antiquity carried the mingling further in the same direction.
In England the two greatest literary critics, Sidney and Jonson, followed Scaliger in this high regard for Seneca.
But poets who describe in verses moral actions and the deeds of brave men should not on that account be condemned.
He then proceeds to elucidate the story of Danae as signifying that women have been and will be overcome by money.
Secundam & tertiam diligentissime consectabitur Epicus, earumque rationem a Rhetoricae magistris percepiet, p. 72.
Our morning ablutions were usually made _à la_ Turk: by having water poured upon the hands from a spouted vessel.
The bird and insect life is very scanty, but lizards and scorpions, especially on the lowest slopes, are abundant.
On coming up, they reported that these horsemen belonged to the party that was friendly to the Turkish government.
Every few moments we would stop to rest; our knees were like lead, and the high altitude made breathing difficult.
In less than an hour we had dashed down, through a distance which it had taken us nine and a half hours to ascend.
At 9:30 P. M. we stood upon its summit, and before us stretched the sandy wastes of Kara-Kum, enshrouded in gloom.
Any extra nut on the machine, a handkerchief, a packet of tea, or a lump of sugar, excited their cupidity at once.
The attractive daughter of our host, “Kumiss John, amused herself by stealing lumps of sugar from our pockets.
There was no such thing as a restaurant; each one by turn must do his own cooking in the inn kitchen, open to all.
Streams and irrigating-ditches were so frequent that we were continually saturated with water or covered with mud.
The women were sitting on improvised benches, fanning and gossiping, while the men stood about in listless groups.
His dry, sallow skin showed signs of wrinkling; a thick fold lay under each eye, and at each end of his upper lip.
After a short respite he again resumed the conversation, but the questions he now asked were of a personal nature.
He stands to-day in the light of a mediator between foreign progressiveness and native prejudice and conservatism.
Faith, _Ned_, thy Sister’s quite spoil’d, for want of Town-Education; ‘tis pity, for she’s devilish pretty.
I see Attracts, and Allurements, wanton Eyes, the languishing turn of the Head, and all That invites to Temptation.
Nay, every Fool that can but plead his Title, And the poor Interest that a Parent gives him, Can merit more than I.
Nay, I’ll warrant thee she’ll please; A Lady rich, and fair, and nobly born, and thou shalt marry her, _Frank_.
In good time: but this is a Mortal, Sir--and must serve your turn--but, _Frank_, she is the finest Mortal--  _Bel_.
Just as the Baud said; yet I am mollify’d--nay, dear _Betty_, forgive me, and I’ll be very good for the future.
She’s fair indeed; here, _Frank_, I give thee thy _Celinda_, whose Beauty Excuses all thy Faults of Disobedience.
That’s very hard, because you are a laborious, ill-bred Tradesman, I must be bound to be a mean Citizen’s Wife.
Well, Gentlemen, though the news be something unpleasant that I bring, yet to noble minds ‘tis sport and pastime.
Ay, ay, there’s never smoke, but there’s some fire--Come, let’s away--ta la, tan ta la, la la, &c.    [Draws.
--If this suffice not,--propose your Ransoms, and they shall be paid   by         Don_ Carlos, _Governor of_ Cadiz.
And, for the Viscount, Sir, gay Clothes, Money and Confidence will set me up for one, in any ground in Christendom.
Since from such Heads and Hearts, the Monarch reaps his Glory, and the Kingdom receives its Safety and Tranquility.
Nor had I told it now, But that your Ladyship may find some speedy means to draw him from this desperate Condition.
None, Sir, since that of the wonderful _Salamanca_ Doctor, who was both here and there at the same Instant of time.
Ay, Sir--Pox on him--he will raise my Anger up to Madness, and I shall kill him to prevent his going to Bed to her.
And I’ll get a Parson ready in my Lodging, to which I have a Key through the Garden, by which we may pass unseen.
He that comes first to One and thirty wins--                                               [_They throw and count_.
’.was she _Erminia_ told me dy’d for me; And I believ’d it but a slight of hers, To put me from my Courtship.
Alas, that which I dare not look on, And yet, why should I shun that Image here, Which I continually about me bear?
Why, if the Gods be just, and I had done’t, Did they not suffer Earth to swallow me, Quick--quick into her bosom?
--Come, _Scaramouch_, and get me ready for my Journey; and on your Life, let not a Door be open’d till my Return.
But, Sir, this _Garamanteen_ relates the strangest Operation of a Mineral in the Lunar World, that ever I heard of.
From 1653 until his death at an advanced age in 1694 the representative of Dr. Baloardo was Angelo Augustino Lolli.
Will you stay along and work for two dollars and a half a week?  “I couldn’t do it, said Chester, troubled.
It would be humiliating enough to accept the reduction, but he felt that duty to his mother required the sacrifice.
“Wait till I fetch the money.  Miss Cleveland went into the house, and returned with a nickel and four pennies.
“I was never in Wyncombe before, began Mr. Conrad, “though I am a second cousin of your minister, Mr. Morris.
“He will tell me what to do.  Accordingly he called on the minister and unfolded the story to sympathetic ears.
Oh, this is terrible!  “Who could have done it, Mr. Tripp?  “I dunno, but the store was entered last night.
You     might sometimes go a month, perhaps, without selling a sketch, and     meanwhile your expenses would go on.
These I cannot borrow, but I have the use of anything I find suited to my needs in the library of Columbia College.
He was rather a stocky man, with a red, pimpled face, a broad nose, small, twinkling eyes and intensely black hair.
“Now I can come in freely.  “Don’t come in too often, replied Mullins, with a cautioning look at Chester.
“I am afraid you will have to wait till you are better entitled to credit.  “Now, that’s mean, Uncle Edgar.
Your stepfather is in great     straits for money, it seems, and he might be tempted to do     something desperate.
It is important that I should go out there to attend to the matter.  The editor arched his brows in astonishment.
One of them was your son, Edward.  “Did you know Edward’s companions?  “Never saw them before in my life.
Mrs. Greene, living near Mrs. Rand, was a lady who made it her business to know all about her neighbors’ affairs.
Now, if she had been boardin’ with you it would have been different.  “So it would, Mrs. Greene; so it would.
Being of a romantic-commercial nature, he never forgave her, but always treated her with the most elegant courtesy.
But no doubt it was her voice: her soft, near, sure voice, which seemed almost like a secret touch upon her hearer.
His shop was crowded with women peeping and pawing and turning things over and commenting in loud, unfeeling tones.
During a coal-strike the miners themselves began digging in the fields, just near the houses, for the surface coal.
The seam was opened in the side of a bank, and approached by a footrill, a sloping shaft down which the men walked.
Being a woman of some flexibility of temper, wrought through generations to a fine, pliant hardness, she flew back.
Besides, there seemed something positively indecent in technically engaging one who was so much part of themselves.
The will was found, just a brief line on a piece of notepaper expressing a wish that Alvina should have everything.
Elegant teas, at two-and-six per head, and elegant suppers, at five shillings without wine, were to be served here.
So he soared to serene heights, and his Private Hotel seemed a celestial injunction, an erection on a higher plane.
“I find it the same in many ways.  “You wouldn’t like to settle here again?  “I don’t think I should.
Yet the little room seemed very full—full of people, young men with smart waistcoats and ties, but without coats.
On the sofa Geoffrey snored lightly, while Ciccio sat with his head on the table, his arms spread out, dead asleep.
You’ve got to thank the fools who’ve failed to do it.  “Why do you all love Madame so much? Alvina asked.
And thou, Geoffrey, thou—  Madame burst into tears, Louis wept too, even Max turned aside his face, with tears.
Let us tell the young men, and we will go now, on the tram-car.  “But I am not properly dressed, said Alvina.
“It is an uneasy moment, when we are busy to move, said Madame, looking up at Alvina as if she were a stranger.
“We have to move, he said, with his eyes watching her reservedly, his mouth twisting with a half-bashful smile.
The silver ring was still on his finger—and his close, fine, unparted hair went badly with smart English clothes.
“I should hate being a labourer’s wife in a nasty little house in a street—  “In a house? cried Madame.
Where is he?  Madame pointed him out as he hung back among the graves, his black hat cocked a little on one side.
She went to her room an unhappy woman, and wept and fretted till morning, chafing between humiliation and yearning.
To Alvina, the last of the fantastic but pure-bred race of Houghton, the problem of her fate was terribly abstruse.
And all she could imagine was that the troupe was secretly accused of White Slave Traffic by somebody in Woodhouse.
Opposite her sat Ciccio, his black overcoat open over his pale-grey suit, his black hat a little over his left eye.
The omnibus pegged slowly up, then charged round a corner, swirled into another loop, and pegged heavily once more.
His legs were bundled with white rag, crossed and crossed with hide straps, and he was shod in silent skin sandals.
He threw down his sheaves of gladioli, and with his sickle began to cut the forest of bright yellow corn-marigolds.
Alvina knew that in the night the elderly man was afraid of his dead wife, and of her ghost or her avenging spirit.
There was still a late scent of orange blossom from the garden, the nightingale was shaking the air with his sound.
Let all men of our kingdom, whether clergy or laymen, observe them similarly in their relations with their own men.
Thus tragedy, which is the type of all poetic, depends vitally, according to Aristotle, on imaginative realization.
Perhaps it was Plutarch's naturalistic theory of imitation in poetry which led him to compare poetry with painting.
The chorus, also, must be an actor and carry along the action of the play instead of interrupting the play to sing.
It is noteworthy that in this treatise on making verses Gascoigne restricts himself to externals of form and style.
Some believe that, because some of the pleasures of poetry are pernicious, young men should not be allowed to read.
Theognis of Rhegium, Anaxagoras, and Stesimbrotus of Thasos, were assiduous and startling in their interpretations.
The poet must work on the feelings of his reader so that he shall embrace and imitate the good, and spurn the evil.
In his section on example as a rhetorical argument he shows how stories and fables may enliven and enforce a point.
And to him the office of the comic poet is to imitate justice and instruct to life--or stirre up gentle affections.
They seized every opportunity to impress us with the necessity of being accompanied by a government representative.
We rode up with the “stars and stripes and “star and crescent fluttering side by side from the handle-bars.
From the burning desert at its base to the icy pinnacle above, it rises through a vertical distance of 13,000 feet.
The eastern top, on which we were standing, was quite extensive, and 30 to 40 feet lower than its western neighbor.
They reported that they had seen us at one time during the morning, and had then lost sight of us among the clouds.
Our winter quarters were obtained at the home of a typical Russian family, in company with a young reserve officer.
In size, architecture, and appointments, the club-house has no equal, we were told, outside the capital and Moscow.
Just as we turned the highest summit, the clouds shifted for a moment, and revealed before us two Kirghiz horsemen.
Their women, too, do not veil themselves, although they are much more shy than their rugged sisters of the steppes.
It was well that we were now approaching the end of our journey, for our wheels and clothing were nearly in pieces.
On the other hand the house-boat journey of thirty-six hours down the Pei-ho river was a rather pleasant diversion.
“Powerful, perhaps, in the Oriental sense, we replied, “but very weak in comparison with the Western nations.
Ay, if you could make me believe that indeed, when she knew Me not, nor ever saw me all the Days of her Life before.
He talkt of breach of Vows, of Death, and Ruin, And dying at the Feet of a wrong’d Maid; I know not what he meant.
And thou should’st be the Priest should offer it; But that I have yet, For some few moments, business for my Life.
No, no, there’s no Necessity of your Civility, Mistress; leave that to me who understand the due Punctilios of it.
Hah, the Door opens, and surely ‘tis a Woman that advances: dear _Antonio_, wait a little farther;--who’s there?
Shaw, that’s nothing, ‘tis good for the Voice.--how sweetly we shall sing, ta, la, ta la la, ta la, &c.  _Fran_.
You possibly may see some _Turkish_ Ladies, that may insnare your Heart, and make you faithless;--but I, ah Heavens!
‘Tis generously said, and take notice, my little dear Virago, _Guzman_ has a Priest ready to tie you to your word.
Sir, my Master, Sir _Cautious Fulbank_, left his Watch on the little Parlor-Table to night, and bid me call for’t.
A young Wife!--’tis so, his Gentlewoman has been at Hot-Cockles without her Husband, and he’s Horn-mad upon’t.
Well, since ‘tis no worse, bring in your fine Dancer, Cousin, you say you brought to entertain your Mistress with.
Oh, that’s very hard!--      [_He goes back trembling_, Bellmour _follows in with     his Dagger up; both go out_.
Faith, much at that old rate, _Pisaro_, I yet have no incouragement from her To make my Court in any other language.
that shall not save you, Villains, Traitors to my Glory and Repose.--_Peter_, hold fast the Door, let none ‘scape.
Why, Seignior, I can tie a Crevat the best of any Person in _Naples_, and I can comb a Periwig--and I can--  _Doct_.
Ha, ‘tis so:--This Fellow has some Novel for us, some Letter or Instructions, but how to get it--      [_As_ Scar.
Etheredge’s third comedy, _The Man of Mode; or, Sir Fopling Flutter_ was produced at the Duke’s Theatre in 1676.
Would you were both hanged, for putting me in thought of mine!’  p. 252 _Ladies of Quality in the Middle Gallery_.
It would be a good-paying investment for him, and he was not above taking advantage of a poor widow’s necessities.
What do you think of Mr. Conrad’s proposal?  “To go to New York?  “Yes.  Mrs. Rand’s countenance fell.
It would be so nice to be in the same place with you.  “I did my best, but Fairchild didn’t seem to fancy you.
But I can’t spare more than thirty dollars a month toward paying the debt.  “Which would take you five months.
Chester entered and found himself in the presence of a man of fifty, with a sandy complexion and thick, brown beard.
I haven’t made any plans.  “I was thinking I might call upon you.  “Don’t trouble yourself, Mr. Ralston.
“No, Mr. Mullins, but I have just dined here—with my friend, Mr. Perkins.  Mullins inclined his head slightly.
Indeed, he spent a good deal of his time there, so that it was supposed by some that he had a share in the business.
I shall have to ask him to throw light on the present situation.  This the detective did in a few brief sentences.
“Your stomach is weak, and that will prepare it for heartier food.  “I don’t feel hungry, returned Edward.
“You need not begin to send me money, at once, as I have been able     to save a little from Miss Dolby’s board.
How can I make such a long and costly journey?  “I see the difficulty, Edward, but I need time to think it over.
Ask your employers to hold your place for you, and get ready at once.  “But the money, Chester? gasped Edward.
He paid my traveling expenses.  “He shall be repaid, and promptly, and he will accept my heartiest thanks, also.
Time, like a slow whirlpool churned it over into sight and out of sight, like a mass of dead sea-weed in a backwash.
The matron soon deposited her in a bedroom, not very small, but bare and hard and dusty-seeming, and there left her.
And still there was that in her which would preserve her intact, sophistry and deliberate intention notwithstanding.
Where is the Oedipus that will solve her riddle of happiness, and then strangle her?—only to marry his own mother!
On the evening of the second day, Miss Frost got her hand from under the bedclothes, and laid it on Alvina’s hand.
Alvina sank in a kind of weary mortification, in which _her_ peculiar obstinacy persisted devilishly and spitefully.
Even if I had Arthur at one side of me, I should be that frightened on the other side I shouldn’t know what to do.
She listened and smiled and made vague answers to Albert, who leaned his broad, thin, brittle shoulders towards her.
_Con molto espressione!_  And again he trilled the imaginary keyboard, and smiled his rather fat cheeks at Alvina.
“Do you think you might go across with Mrs. Rollings and see how this woman is, Alvina? he said to his daughter.
“We are going to bed.  They took their candles and trooped off upstairs, each one bowing to Alvina as he passed.
There was a wan, pathetic look about her, a sort of heroism which Madame detested, but which now she found touching.
“I think, truly, said Alvina, “it shouldn’t be before Thursday or Friday.  “Thursday! repeated Madame.
Re-enter the _brave_ Louis—he is angry with Kishwégin—enter the _brave_ Ciccio hauling a bear, apparently dead.
Tell him before he leaves England he shall feel the hand of Kishwégin, and it shall be heavier than the Black Hand.
Even as she kissed his fingers with her lips, the silver ring seemed to her a symbol of his subjection, inferiority.
Her face was pale and full like a child’s, but almost stonily expressionless, her eyes were black and inscrutable.
“Stoop, stoop, Allaye, beneath the wings of Pacohuila, said Kishwégin, faintly pressing Alvina on the shoulder.
“Woodhouse isn’t heaven and earth.  “It’s been my home for forty years.  “It’s been mine for thirty.
As they drew near the lodgings, he said:  “You don’t want to stop with us any more?  “I can’t, she said.
It’s just the work that has ruined my digestion, the never getting a quiet meal, and never a whole night’s rest.
And then he gave her tea in the drawing-room, with strawberries and cream and cakes, of all of which he ate nothing.
Alvina was admitted to these teas with the few women who formed the toney intellectual élite of this northern town.
“_Ma non me lasciare_—_Don’t leave me!_ There, isn’t that it?  He smiled, stirred on his feet, and nodded.
CHAPTER XIII THE WEDDED WIFE   The upshot of it all was that Alvina ran away to Scarborough without telling anybody.
Still, she was nice and womanly, hovering as she was between her English emancipation and her Italian subordination.
There was a town in the opening between steep hills, a town on a flat plain that ran into the mountains like a gulf.
But there was no shop, no post nearer than Pescocalascio, an hour’s heavy road up deep and rocky, wearying tracks.
And then again he would stir into a curious, arch, malevolent laugh, for all the world like a debauched old tom-cat.
She knew how easy it would be, once her spirit broke, for her to die and be buried in the cemetery at Pescocalascio.
The court should be addressed in the grand style; the city, in the middle style; and the country, in the mean style.
Infinite pains were to be expended on the worthless niceties of conceited metrical structure and rhetorical figures.
Moreover the mediaeval tradition persisted in England for over a hundred years after it had been displaced in Italy.
Character (Greek: ᤦθος) in oratory, he says, is similar to comedy, as the passions (πάθος) are to tragedy.
Not only have poetic and rhetoric for him a common ground in diction, but the ideal of diction is the same for both.
Gascoigne, Lodge, Spenser, were poets who incidentally wrote on the technic of their art or in defence of its value.
In his _Poetria_, John of Garland[331] explains allegorically an elegiac, bucolic, ethic, love poem which he quotes.
Poetry, he says, contains great and profitable fruits for the instruction of manners and precepts of good life[400].
And he finds much profit even in the most dissolute works of Ovid and Martial because they abound in moral precepts.
Poetry has, he believes, a moral effect, but he does not establish this moral effect as its motivating purpose[402].
Confidence now being inspired by our own composure, we were invited to sit down and participate in the evening meal.
The Vali was evidently in a bad humor, for we overheard him storming in a high key at some one in the room with him.
Kantsa, the Greek, reluctantly agreed to do likewise, and proved to be an excellent interpreter, but a poor climber.
Visitors to his household are particularly impressed with the beauty of his wife and the size of his liquor glasses.
For a long time he was called the “Doctor Tanner of Turkestan.    [Illustration: UPPER VALLEY OF THE CHU RIVER.]
Its seething, foaming, irresistible torrent needs only a large volume to make it the equal of the rapids at Niagara.
It required considerable effort on this occasion to subject our feelings of nausea to a sense of Kirghiz politeness.
Instead of a cap, they wear a piece of printed cloth wrapped tightly around the head, like the American washerwomen.
He weeds the ground so carefully that there is scarcely a leaf above the ground that does not appertain to the crop.
Here, between precipitous cliffs, this giant stream rushes madly by, as if in protest against its sudden deflection.
They are interrupted by Friendlove, disguised, and he receives Diana’s commands to seek out and challenge Bellmour.
The loss of all your Fortune, If you refuse the Wife I have provided-- Especially a handsom Lady, as she is, _Frank_.
But, Sir, admit _Diana_ be inclin’d, And I (by my unhappy Stars so curs’d) Should be unable to accept the Honour.
Prithee, _Sharp_, if thou canst learn that young Thing’s Name, ‘tis a pretty airy Rogue, whilst I go talk to her.
In my Creation destin’d for all Mischief, --To commit Rapes, and Murders, to break Vows, As fast as Fools do Jests.
Ay, that’s it that appeases her highest Storms--here, my Jewel, here’s a hundred Guineas to buy thee fine things.
By no means, we must make use of him whilst he is hot; for I doubt the Humour is not natural, and I fear he may cool.
Look ye, _Sharp_, take to thee an implicit Faith, and believe Impossibilities; for thou and I must cozen this Knight.
that has abus’d the best of all my Hopes!--No, I think--I shall grow (for his sake) to hate all that belong to him.
Yes, that _Diana_, Whom, maugre all the Penitence thou shew’st, Can scarce forgive the Injuries thou hast done her.
O’ my Conscience, Heav’n wou’d forgive it; for this match of yours, with old _Francisco_, was never made there.
Hitherto I dare answer for her, but Batteries will be made, and I dare not be always responsible for frail Mortality.
And if you find me not en Cavalier, say Clothes, Garniture, Points, and Feathers have lost their Power of making one.
Who’s there?--what wou’d you have?--who wou’d you speak to?--who do you come from?--and what’s your business?
For Heaven’s sake, Sirs, do not stand idle here; Gentlemen, if you wou’d save your lives,--draw and defend ‘em.
by Heaven, I saw each action of the Fight, from yonder grove of Jessamine; and doubtless all beheld it from the Town.
You banter me--but in plain _English_, tell me, What made you here thus early, Entring yon House with such Authority?
I cannot in Conscience take it, good Faith, I cannot--besides, the next Quarrel you’ll hit me in the Teeth with it.
Some strange Catastrophe has happened between him and his Wife to Night, and makes him disturb me thus--    [_Aside_.
The World’s well amended with him, Captain, since I lost my Money to him and you at the _George_ in _White-Fryers_.
Oh Lord, Madam, you oblige me--look, _Ned_, you had a mind to have a full view of my Mistress, Sir, and--here she is.
--But see she comes--      _Enter Lady_ Fulbank, _Sir_ Cautious, _Sir_ Feeble,     Leticia, Bearjest, Noisey, Gayman.
--But I think ‘tis all one to thee, thou car’st not for my Complement; no, thou’dst rather have a young Fellow.
as to my Valour, or so, Thou understand’st me; tell her I acted as a man that pretends to the glory of Serving her.
I am gone; but hark, my Lord, If I should say your Face were wounded, The Ladies would fear you had lost your Beauty.
I think they are, and I’ll take care to keep ‘em so; for I confess, Sir, I would fain have a Hero to my Grandson.
Why, Sir, he was brought in a Chair for your Advice; but how he rambled from the Parlour to this Chamber, I know not.
I have added this necessary direction, not in any previous edition, although all mark his entry again a little later.
‘Tis a conceited old Scarab, and will yield us excellent sport--go play upon him a little--exercise thy Wit.’ cf.
“Come back to supper, Chester, said the minister; “that is, if your mother can spare you.  “Thank you, sir.
He does not teach now, but, I believe, delivers an annual course of lectures before the students of Columbia College.
If you’ll only wait a little while, sir——  “How long have you been paying rent here? asked Mr. Fairchild.
Conrad, an artist—just now, but I shall soon get a boarding place.  “I live on Eighty-sixth Street—in a flat.
Mr. Mullins is thoroughly acquainted with my business, but within the last six months I found myself distrusting him.
Have you a boy workin’ for you named Chester—Chester Rand?  “Are you a friend of his? asked the bookkeeper.
Mine only cost thirty dollars each.  “I shall begin to look upon you as a rich man, Chester, said Arthur Burks.
Call Felix and give him his instructions.  Felix Gordon came in at this moment, and was admitted to the conference.
Evidently your mother believed it, for     she seemed quite broken down and has aged considerably since the     news.
“No, answered Chester, “but I own a little property in Tacoma, and there are parties out there who wish to buy.
Do you think Mrs. T. will believe your story if you come to her smelling of whisky?  “You’re hard on me, Abner.
Such the complicated social system of a small industrial town in the Midlands of England, in this year of grace 1920.
To make matters worse, James Houghton decided that he must have his sewing-machines driven by some extra-human force.
CHAPTER IV TWO WOMEN DIE   It goes without saying that Alvina Houghton did not make her fortune as a maternity nurse.
But be sure they are quite as detestable, quite as full of lies and hypocrisy, as any of the mistakes of our parents.
A good thing if she doesn’t, really.  Miss Pinnegar herself did not care one little bit that Miss Frost was dead.
When they came to the rather stumbly railway, he said:  “Won’t you take my arm?—offering her the said member.
She wondered if any one would ask him to supper—bread and cheese and currant-loaf, and water, was all that offered.
“Could you tell me where I can find out about it, anyway? Mr. May used his most affable, man of the world manner.
Woodhouse could not believe that Mr. May was absolutely final in his horror of any sort of coming-on-ness in a woman.
But if it’s my appearance, tell me so.  Here an appalling figure of Ciccio in war-paint strolled on to the stage.
She smiled into his softening round eyes, the eyes of some animal which stares in one of its silent, gentler moments.
His long, fine nose, his rather long, rounded chin and curling lips seemed refined through ages of forgotten culture.
Alvina had avoided Madame as Ciccio had avoided Alvina—elusive and yet conscious, a distance, and yet a connection.
Well, I must thank you once more—  “What time do you leave in the morning?  “By the train at half-past ten.
He’s killing himself, that’s all.  “What can we do?  “Nothing so long as there’s that place down there.
She seemed so intangible, remote and virginal, that her cousin and Miss Pinnegar both failed to make anything of her.
Wherever she was, she superintended the cooking and the preparation of meals for her young men, scrupulous and quick.
If only she could, for one second, have seen him ugly, he would not have killed her and made her his slave as he did.
In his eyes was a deep, deep sun-warmth, something fathomless, deepening black and abysmal, but somehow sweet to her.
And _you’ll_ have to bother before you’ve done.  “Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof, said Alvina.
You are a pessimist with regard to human nature.  “Am I? smiled Alvina, thinking the rose would smell as sweet.
She, of course, when he began to admire her, liked him much better, and even saw graceful, boyish attractions in him.
Alvina stared and looked at the handsome, sinister, raucous-voiced young woman who stood in the light of the doorway.
(23) No town or person shall be forced to build bridges over rivers except those with an ancient obligation to do so.
Renaissance English writers on the theory of poetry use to an extent hitherto unexplored the terminology of rhetoric.
And though both verse and oratorical prose should be rhythmical, a set rhythm, a meter, is appropriate only to verse.
In the anonymous, _The Artes of Logike and Rhetorike_ (1584),[145] rhetoric is denned as an arte of speaking finelie.
The poet, he says, is a maker who creates new forms out of his inner consciousness, and at the same time an imitator.
Here the enthymeme or example, which Aristotle has made the instrument of rhetoric, becomes the instrument of poetry.
On such occasions our pretentious cavalier would remain on his horse, smoking his cigarette and smiling disdainfully.
Some said it was a telescope, about which they had only a vague idea; others, that it was a box containing our money.
The room in which we were to sleep (there was only one room) was filled with a crowd of loiterers, and tobacco smoke.
These _charshi_ are nothing more than narrow streets, inclosed by brick arches, and lined on either side with booths.
The seller, with silken manners and brazen countenance, will always name a price four times as large as it should be.
The entrance into the city was made to twist and turn among the ramparts, so as to avoid a rush in case of an attack.
In the midst of our efforts to extricate them, we often wondered how Noah ever managed with the animals from the ark.
Some high, rugged crags on the ridge above us attracted our attention as affording a comparatively protected lodging.
There was no escape from it, for all around the snow-beds were too steep and slippery to venture an ascent upon them.
This prince is the Russian candidate, as opposed to the English candidate, for the prospective vacancy on the throne.
On a ledge of rocks overlooking the ford a Russian sentinel was walking his beat in the solitude of a dreary outpost.
The mountain freshets all along the road to Urumtsi were more frequent and dangerous than any we had yet encountered.
As guests of our highly respected and even venerated host, we were visited by nearly all the magistrates of the city.
General Terms of Use & Redistributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works                                      1.A.
Oh, name him not--Let me not in one Moment Descend from Heaven to Hell-- How came that wretched thing into thy Noddle?
’.is time you were remov’d-- Go, get an Action of 5000 pounds, enter’d against him, With Officers to arrest him.
Nay, nay, no threatning, _Sharp_; it may be she’s innocent yet--Give her t’other Bribe, and try what that will do.
And that we’ll furnish him with--his Master’s Gold, like all other mortal things, must return from whence it came.
‘Tis such an Honour, Sir, that my Gratitude, without the mighty Passion I have for her, would make me ever thankful.
Sir, you deny’d me my Portion, and my Uncle design’d to turn me out of doors, and in my Despair I accepted of him.
This may be a pardonable exaggeration; but there are certainly distinct marks of haste in the composition of the play.
To whom I civilly addrest my self--told him, you presented your Service to him,--sent to know how his Lady and he did.
I say, no; had it been _Aquinius_ his Case, to have sav’d the pinching of his Gullet he wou’d have been a Cuckold.
I could not see this Devil’s cloven Foot; Nor am I such a Coxcomb to believe, But he was as substantial as his Gold.
Hah--Plot--the Aldermen met at _Guild-Hall!_--hum--why, let ’.m meet, I’ll not lose this Night to save the Nation.
hum, see the Wickedness of Man, that I should find no time to swear in, but just when I’m in the Devil’s Clutches.
Who’s this talks of the Devil?--a Pox of the Devil, I say, this last night’s Devil has so haunted me--  Sir _Cau_.
My Lady has lost, and your Lady has lost, and the rest-- what, old Cows will kick sometimes, what’s a hundred Pound?
It was the feeble Husband you enjoy’d In cold imagination, and no more; Shily you turn’d away--faintly resign’d.
Come hither, _Bredwel_--witness for my Honour--that I had no design upon his Person, but that of trying his Constancy.
Do that which may preserve you; Do that which every Man in love would do; Make it your business to possess the object.
And prithee be not thou a Ridler too: But if thou knew’st of ought that may concern me, Make me as wise as thou art.
Pardon me, Sir, if I refuse you here; I find you’re growing up to Jealousies, Which I’ll not trust alone with you.
You wrong her most inhumanly, you do; Her Blood, yet sensible of the injury, Flows to her face to upbraid thy Cruelty.
That very Sound tears out my hated Soul, --And to compleat my ruin, I’ll still behold this face where Murder dwells.
--But yet I wish he would dispose his Bounties On those that would return acknowledgments; I hate he should oblige me.
And for my being confin’d a Prisoner to my Apartment, without the hope or almost possibility of seeing him any more.
who can no more imagine who shou’d write those Boremes, than who I shall love next, if I break off with _Charmante_.
Coaches with glasses were a recent invention and very fashionable amongst the courtiers and ladies of the Restoration.
We then have the Duke’s assassination--he shrieks out some four lines and dies, whereon ’.he traverse is drawn’.
You have seen mine.  “I have not done any comic work, but I think I could.  “Here is a piece of drawing paper.
If he were fortunate enough to earn more, the neighbors might wonder as they pleased about the source of his supplies.
He would have eight cows to milk morning and night, the care of the barn, and a multitude of “chores to attend to.
He could not help despising a man who appeared to enjoy distressing an unfortunate woman whose only crime was poverty.
Chester could not read what was passing through his mind, but he felt instinctively that the bookkeeper was his enemy.
He had hoped sometime—when he was eighteen, perhaps—to own a watch, but had no expectation of getting one so soon.
He reached the Fifth Avenue, and entering—it was the first time he had ever visited the hotel—went up to the desk.
I receive more than twice as much as I did in your office.  Chester did not care to just state how much he received.
“It’s a pretty trick for a respectable bank to play on a customer.  “Was all the money bogus? asked Mullins.
But I cannot let you travel without paying for another.  “I haven’t money enough, said the old man, piteously.
The proximity of the hotel will help to enhance their value.  “I see that.  “That is a point to be considered.
Or do the lower middle-class men assiduously climb up or down, in marriage, thus leaving their true partners stranded?
For let class-jealousy be what it may, a woman hates to see another woman left stalely on the shelf, without a chance.
If she were, she was quite unaware of it, for under Miss Frost’s care she received no education in irony or mockery.
Alvina sat down on her chair, looked at her box opposite her, looked round the uninviting room, and smiled to herself.
But abject, stupid indifference was the bottom of it all: abject, brutal indifference to everything—yes, everything.
The lower bars of the grate were constantly blanked in with white powdery ash, which it was fatal to try to poke away.
True, she was filled with the same old, slow, dreadful craving of the Midlands: a craving insatiable and inexplicable.
“Good-night.  What she felt chiefly about him was a decentralized perplexity, very much akin to no feeling at all.
And she would sink into the routine of her job, as did so many women, and grow old and die, chattering and fluttering.
It would be impertinent of me to introduce myself into them.  “They don’t concern _me_ very much, said Alvina.
Then he took the cigarette from his mouth, turned his head, slowly spat on the floor, and rubbed his foot on his spit.
Alvina suddenly seized one of the inert hands that slid on the table-cloth as Louis shook the young man’s shoulders.
Alvina, who had been seated waiting at the piano below, started up and overturned her chair as Ciccio rushed past her.
The minister stood on the plank by the grave, and she stood near, watching the white flowers blowing in the cold wind.
Now she would give anything to get away from Woodhouse, from the horrible buzz and entanglement of her sordid affairs.
As a rule she only wore the mourning-ring of black enamel and diamond, which had been always on Miss Frost’s finger.
She carefully chose for Madame the finest plate, the clearest glass, the whitest-hafted knife, the most delicate fork.
Alvina found Madame trussed in a large white apron, busy rubbing a yellow-fleshed hen with lemon, previous to boiling.
Isn’t it so?  Ciccio rose to his feet, and looked at Alvina: as he would have looked at Gigi, had Gigi been there.
Alvina felt that the very force of the sullen, silent fearlessness and fury in the Tawaras had prevented its bursting.
“Thank goodness I’ve given her something valuable, thought Alvina to herself, as she went trembling to her room.
The engagement had been announced in _The Times_, _The Morning Post_, _The Manchester Guardian_, and the local _News_.
His eyes glowed with lustrous secrecy, like the eyes of some victorious, happy wild creature seen remote under a bush.
Pancrazio’s house was the chief of a tiny hamlet of three houses, called Califano because the Califanos had made it.
She washed the high window-ledges and the narrow mantel-piece, that had large mounds of dusty candle-wax, in deposits.
“Yes—here—! she said, pressing her hand on her side as the sensation trilled once more upon her consciousness.
Also she helped Ciccio when she could, and Maria was teaching her to spin the white sheep’s wool into coarse thread.
She was beginning to realize something about him: how he had no sense of home and domestic life, as an Englishman has.
Then she would find little tufts of wild narcissus among the rocks, gold-centred pale little things, many on one stem.
And their scent was powerful and magical, like the sound of the men who came all those days and sang before Christmas.
If such a debt falls into the hands of the Crown, it will take nothing except the principal sum specified in the bond.
It is noteworthy that the chapter on Elocution (_elocutio_), or style, far outweighs all the others in scope and bulk.
Rhetoric to him had not in theory become style, but style is the only part which he finds interesting enough to treat.
Therefore the office of the poet is to teach by examples, to induce men to virtuous living by fitting representations.
Hanc argumentationem frequentant Rhetores et Poetae, praesertim Ovidius; quia venuste ac perspicue explicat argumenta.
The mud buildings of Babylon, and not the marble edifices of Nineveh, have served as models for the Turkish architect.
These, like the crows, magpies, and swallows, prove valuable allies to the husbandmen in their war against the locust.
At night he was the one to carry the huge lantern, which, according to the number of candles, is the insignia of rank.
Several missionaries and members of the consulates had gone out in carriages, and formed a little group by themselves.
Though we were all fatigued by the day’s work, the cool, moisture-laden air of evening revived our flagging spirits.
Starting from the base of the dome, it seemed to pierce the shifting clouds to a point about 500 feet from the summit.
Our faces were already smarting with blisters, and our dark glasses afforded but little protection to our aching eyes.
Bab himself was captured, and carried to this “most fanatical city of Persia, the burial-place of the sons of Ali.
With a burning thirst, a chilling atmosphere, and swarms of mosquitos biting through our clothing, we could not sleep.
The fertile province of Kuldja, with a population of 2,500,000, was reduced by their massacres to one vast necropolis.
It was astonishing even to ourselves how little a man required when once beyond the pale of Western conventionalities.
“Are you Democrats or Republicans? (The viceroy showed considerable knowledge of our government and institutions.)
I never knew a Woman want a Cue for that; but all that I Have met with were still before-hand with me in tittle tattle.
--Brave Youth, I know not how I came to merit this Relief from thee: Sure thou art a Stranger to me, thou’rt so kind.
Not that I know of, Sir-- Lord, he’s very silly, or very innocent, I hope he has his Maidenhead; if so, and rich too.
No, my Brother--come to demand his Portion of me; he says I am in leud Company, and, like a Boy, he wou’d correct me.
_Julia_, Wife to _Francisco_, young and handsom,    in love with _Carlos_,                                Mrs. _Davis_.
_Expect to morrow night to hear I’m dead, since the next   Sun will guide me to a fatal Marriage with old_ Francisco.
And I visit her only to get a sight of _Julia_, which hitherto has been impossible, though I have oft endeavour’d it.
As for a Visit to your Aunt, there’s some reason in’t; but for the Governor, think no more upon him, I say no more.
I prize my Honour more than Life, Yet I had rather have given him all he wish’d of me, Than be guilty of his Undoing.
No, my kind Goblin--    _I’ll keep my Word with thee, as the least Evil;   A tantalizing Woman’s worse than Devil_.
Matter, what, is my Lady’s innocent Intrigue found out?-- Heavens, Sir, what makes you here in this warlike Equipage?
Hum--adod, and that may be, for the young Knave when he let me in to Night, was drest up for some Waggery--  Sir _Cau_.
I saw him once open a Lock with the Bone of a Breast of Mutton, and break an Iron Bar asunder with the Eye of a Needle.
‘Tis not in my Bargain to sollicit her, Sir, you are to procure her--or three hundred pounds, Sir; chuse you whether.
hide that bleeding Wound, it chills my Soul!--                                             [_Runs to the Lady_ Fulbank.
How shall I now divide my Gratitude, Between a Son, and one that has oblig’d me, Beyond the common duty of a Subject?
Has nothing but Despairs and Death t’impart, And I alas, no Comfort can apply, But I as well as you can weep and die.
He cannot do’t for any Woman living; But well--it seems he speaks of Love to you; To me he does appear a very Statue.
--But that, _Erminia_, you can best resolve; And ‘tis not kindly done to hide a truth, The Prince so clearly own’d.
Beat thee till thou confess thou art an Ass, And on thy knees confess it to _Isillia_, Who after that shall scorn thee.
_Alcander’s_ very _Orlando_, by _Jove_, and gone To seek out one that’s madder yet than himself That will kill him.
_Enter_ Aminta _followed by_ Alcander, Erminia _and_ Galatea;     _they go out: re-enter_ Alcander, _and stays_ Aminta.
Alcippus_, for my Sister’s sake who loves you, I can bear more than this--you know my power, And I can make you fear.
But we are upon equal treatment yet, For neither conquer, since we both submit; You to our Beauty bow, we to your Wit_.
You must know, Madam, your Father (my Master, the Doctor) is a little whimsical, romantick, or Don-Quicksottish, or so.
And then to hear Love, to hear Love from you,   I’d as live hear an Owl cry--Wit to woo,     Wit to woo, wit to woo_.
I have followed the two quartos in their arrangement of these lines, which, none the less, seems far from satisfactory.
Canting Crew_ (1690), ‘Hoof it or beat it on the Hoof--to walk on foot.’ Pad the hoof is a yet commoner expression.
François Hédelin, Abbé D’Aubignac, a famous critic and champion of the theatre, was born at Paris, 4 August, 1604.
Charles Killigrew (1655-1725), Master of the Revels, was son of Thomas Killigrew by his second wife Charlotte de Hesse.
The cross, broken at the Reformation, was rebuilt during Charles I’s reign, but destroyed during the Great Rebellion.
Strings for fastening his bands or collar which were in the seventeenth century frequently ornamented with tassels, cf.
You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
“You’re onreasonable to expect to get high pay when business is dull.  “High pay! repeated Chester, bitterly.
How about that quarter?  “I am out of work myself and quarters are scarce with me.  “That’s what you all say!
Have you been living in the country?  “Yes, sir, in Wyncombe.  “I have heard of the place, but was never there.
I should like that.  Prof. Hazlitt, on being spoken to, ratified this arrangement, so that Chester’s mind was easy.
It is a pity you had not more invested.  “Mebby I’ll bring you in some more bimeby, said Mr. Tripp, cautiously.
Does he get as much pay as he did at the other place?  “Considerably more, Mrs. Rand answered, with satisfaction.
You may not feel an interest in it at present, but——  “I have more interest in it than you imagine, Mr. Wilson.
I like to travel, but I have never had a chance.  Mr. Fairchild was equally surprised when told of Chester’s plans.
“That’s only fit for children.  “Lemon soda, then.  “What’s the matter with whisky?  “Are you a fool?
“I didn’t take no interest in the others, but I wanted to save Edward, so I jumped into the water and made for him.
“Oh, Edward! she murmured, “are you really alive?  “Very much alive, mother, answered Edward, with a smile.
Two years have passed, and Chester is still in the employ of _The Phoenix_, but he now receives forty dollars per week.
You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
He enjoyed the most wonderful and fairy-like dreams, which he could describe perfectly, in charming, delicate language.
Consequently Alvina, or Vina as she was called, understood only the explicit mode of good-humoured straightforwardness.
James was a quick, slender, dark-haired fellow, a gentleman, who was always trying to catch her out with his quickness.
This last was irritating to the good-natured but easy-coming young men in the Chapel Choir, where she resumed her seat.
Therefore all Alvina’s desperate and profligate schemes and ideas fell to nought before the inexorable in her nature.
Since the collapse of Throttle-Ha’penny, James Houghton had become so stingy that it was like an inflammation in him.
And the horrible energetic strain of peddling a bicycle over miles and miles of high-way did not attract Alvina at all.
“Well—once I thought I had—when I was engaged to Alexander.  “But you found you were mistaken? he insisted.
She would take the plunge, once and for all—and kiss him and marry him and bear the little half-fishes, his children.
But of _cauce_, England’s not America—more’s the pity.  But James was shaking his head in a vibrating movement.
“Don’t— and here he laid his hand on Alvina’s arm—“don’t run away with the idea that she’s _immoral_!
“Nibble a lettuce leaf with her, and drink water from the tap—and then elevate myself with a Bernard Shaw pamphlet.
Then there were other notices, in delicate pale-blue and pale red, like a genuine theatre notice, giving full programs.
“I must _explain_ to them what yodel means.  And turning to the empty theatre, he began, stretching forth his hand.
I am afraid he will leave us without pity.  “Surely he will want to speak to Geoffrey before he goes, said Louis.
He knew that Italy was pulling him away from the troupe, with which he had been associated now for three years or more.
“Do you think the other one will get anything?  “The _other one_—? queried Mr. May, with an uprising cadence.
I’m not like her.  “Who is _that_? he asked, pointing to a photograph of the handsome, white-haired Miss Frost.
How much does it cost?  “Five shillings a letter, you remember.  “Well, we’ll just put the name and the date.
“Won’t you marry me, and come and have this garret for your own? He spoke as if he were offering her a chocolate.
Now tell me the words of the song—  He looked at her from out of the dusky hollows of his brow, and did not answer.
His tenderness made her quiver into a swoon of complete self-forgetfulness, as if the flood-gates of her depths opened.
You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
On our return from the Crusade, or if we abandon it, we will at once do full justice to complaints about these matters.
You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
Next he states that there are six parts to an oration: exordium, narracio, peticio, confirmacio, confutacio, conclusio.
The first book printed at Angers (1476) was the _Ad Herennium_ under the usual mediaeval title of the _Rhetorica nova_.
But if the spectator is to derive these emotional excitations from tragedy, his aesthetic experience cannot be passive.
Of necessity the philosophers condemned the poets for the immorality of their thievish, lying, and adulterous pantheon.
Likewise the story of the centaurs only exemplifies the skill of Mylyzyus in breaking the wildness of the royal steeds.
In particular the vogue of allegory did not yield to the idea of the moral example transferred from rhetoric to poetic.
Addressing Gosson he exclaims:    Did you never reade that under the persons of beastes many abuses were   dissiphered?
A thoroughgoing Horatian, he cannot forbear to quote at length and comment upon the miscere utile dulci, of his master.
*       *       *       *       *  Within the period of this study two views were taken of the moral element in poetry.
You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
Donations are accepted in a number of other ways including including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
The locomotive is already competing with the hundred and sixty thousand camels employed in the peninsula caravan-trade.
At midnight the mosques are illuminated, and bands of music go about the streets all night, making a tremendous uproar.
The night before reaching Kara Hissar, we entered an abandoned stable, from which everything had fled except the fleas.
Erzerum is the capital of that district which Russia will no doubt demand, if the stipulated war indemnity is not paid.
They listened throughout with profound attention, then looked at one another in silence, and gravely shook their heads.
The blowing of the long horns and boom of the mortar cannon at the fort awoke us at daylight on the morning of July 13.
You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
Whilst here in _London_, and free, you have the whole World to range in, and like a wanton Heifer, eat of every Pasture.
Sir, I’m not the Man you look for-- By Fortune, _Sham_, we’re all undone: He has mistook me for the fighting Fellow.
Yes, great store of fine things indeed, with this pitiful Sum; let me feel in your Pockets, and see if you have no more.
how my Heart beats already--keep your Distance behind, _Jacinta_,--bless me, how I tremble--a little farther, _Jacinta_.
Oh Sir, we have an Artist aboard I’ll assure you; Signior _Cashier_, shall I beg the favour of you to shew your Skill?
I am confirm’d--    _’.is no respect of Honour makes her weep_;   _Her Loves the same shou’d I cry--Chimney Sweep.
_Enter_ Isabella, _her Train borne by the great_ Page, Guiliom,     _with the other great_ Page, _and_ Francisco _bare_.
Sure, I shall turn to Marble at this News: I harden, and cold Damps pass through my senseless Pores.--Hah, who’s here?
_Forget_ Aminta’s _proud Disdain;       Haste here, and sigh no more in vain,       The Joy of Love without the Pain_.
I have a little business, Sir--but anon I’ll wait on you--your Servant, Gentlemen--I’ll to _Crap_ the Scrivener’s.
Good Sir, no more Cautions; you, unlike a fair Gamester, will rook me out of half my Night--I am impatient--  Sir _Cau_.
All three are plunged into despair, and the brother and sister knowing each other’s passion bemoan their hapless fate.
Erminia_, you have seldom found me so; If no mean Passion have thy Soul possest, Be what it will I can forgive the rest.
I can forgive, though ‘twas not kind To let me languish in a desperate Error; Why was this Blessing hid from me alone?
Harlequin, hoping to find his way to his mistress, gets to Bellemante’s chamber but when she appears conceals himself.
Then ‘tis about the Hour that the great Monarch of the Upper World enters into his Closet; Mount, mount the Telescope.
Ha, My Rival and my Mistress!--Is this done like a Man of Honour, Monsieur _Harlequin_, to take advantages to injure me?
So, so, the old Gentleman is departed this wicked World, and the House is our own for this Night.--Where are the Sparks?
So ‘tis conjectur’d, Sir,--some of the Cabalists are of opinion, that last Night there was some Sally from the Moon.
The Meridian of the Night, Sir, about the Hours of Twelve or One; but who descended, or in what Shape, is yet uncertain.
Be modest, Sir, and humble in your Elevation; for nothing shews the Wit so poor, as Wonder, nor Birth so mean, as Pride.
Why, Sir, a Water impregnated to a Circulation with _prima Materia_; upon my Honour, Sir, the strongest I ever drank of.
we are astonish’d with the dreadful sound of the sweetest Musick that ever Mortal heard, but know not whence it comes.
Bless us!--my two precious Lovers, I’ll warrant; well, I had better take up with one of them, than lie alone to Night.
Why, three dollars is han’some pay for what little you do.  “Why, I work fourteen hours a day, retorted Chester.
When I was a boy, I only earned two dollars a week.  “Money would go further when you were a boy.  “Yes, it did.
I’ll try to think of the other cent next time you come along.  “Don’t trouble yourself about it, Miss Cleveland.
“I presume you have no objection.  “Look here, said the bookkeeper, “I think there is some mistake about this.
You’ll have to run into debt.  “I will try not to.  “Where do you live?  “I am staying with a friend—Mr.
Why pinch himself for five months to pay his debt, when a single evening’s luck would clear him from every obligation?
I don’t see how anyone could give you the information.  “I won’t undertake to explain it, said the bookkeeper.
I have no business in Washington, but I think by the time a man is fifty odd he ought to see the capital of his country.
“I expect to be its editor.  “I came in answer to your letter.  “To my letter? repeated the editor, puzzled.
“And who authorized you to meddle in a matter that did not concern you?  The answer came from an unexpected quarter.
“Your friend,      “NATHANIEL WILSON.  “What do you think of that, Chester? asked Edward, in a troubled voice.
He was not used to society, and did not look forward with much pleasure to the interview which had been forced upon him.
Mr. Tripp himself waited upon her; Mrs. Greene generally had some item of news, and for this he possessed a keen relish.
I heard yesterday from Mrs. Greene that you’d lost your boarder.  “Yes; Miss Dolby has gone to Chicago for a year.
For forty years, he produced and distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
She seemed to slide her speeches unnoticed into one’s ears, so that one accepted them without the slightest challenge.
Alvina lifted her large, blue eyes, confused, half-tender towards her governess, half shining with unconscious derision.
She enjoyed glimpsing in through uncurtained windows, into sordid rooms where human beings moved as if sordidly unaware.
But to smell them like this, to know that she was in the region of “penny beef-steaks, gave her a perverse pleasure.
But hers was deep and heaving, like the strange heaving of an earthquake, or the heave of a bull as it rises from earth.
And the three, James and Alvina and Miss Pinnegar, waited lingering through the months, for the house to come to an end.
And now, uttering his rather broad-mouthed speeches, she seemed to hear in him a quieter, subtler edition of his father.
Albert, rather embarrassed, reached forward, saying:  “May I see what you’re reading! And he turned over the book.
He sat still nursing his leg, looking at his hurt, while the blood slowly trickled down the wet hairs towards his ankle.
_Vogue la galère._     CHAPTER VI HOUGHTON’S LAST ENDEAVOUR   The trouble with her ship was that it would _not_ sail.
But were it not better to take the strange leap, over into his element, than to condemn oneself to the routine of a job?
But Miss Pinnegar, a regular old, grey, dangerous she-puss, eyed him from the corner of her pale eye, as he turned tail.
They crowd the Empire—and the Empire is only pictures now; and it’s much cheaper to run.  He watched her dismally.
“But I _can’t_ believe it, said Mr. May, pouting up his mouth and smiling at her as if she were a whimsical child.
“What shall I do if I can’t work tomorrow! moaned Madame, seeing Alvina hold up the thermometer towards the light.
Yes, really—you will find you are weak when you try to stand.  Madame watched Alvina’s thin face with sullen eyes.
The young men were dressed as Indian _braves_, and headed by Kishwégin they rode on horseback through the main streets.
At that moment Max manages to kill the bear—he takes Kishwégin by the hand and kneels with her beside the dead Louis.
He gave a Neapolitan grimace, and twiddled the fingers of one hand outspread in the air, as if to say: “There you are!
“Come, let us go.  They told Geoffrey they would meet him at the corner of Hampden Street at five minutes to eleven.
Do you answer me.  “No more from me, he said, looking up at her with a narrow, cat-like look in his derisive eyes.
“Well, she said, looking laconically into his face: “It’s between you and father—  “Of _cauce_! he said.
Music goes straight to the heart. And she kissed Alvina on both cheeks, throwing her arms round her neck dramatically.
“Courage, courage au chemin d’Angleterre.  “Assez de cette éternelle voix rauque, said Ciccio, looking round.
He did not put on his hat nor his coat, but ran round as he was to the neighbouring house with her, and opened the door.
And as she gasped, he quite gently put her inside her room, and closed the door, keeping one arm round her all the time.
She could see the Adam’s apple move in his throat, his brows tilted as he looked along his lashes at her all the time.
We mustn’t prolong our cheerfulness _too_ far.  “Ciccio is staying to help me with my bag tomorrow, said Alvina.
She waited, however, for Madame to suggest a small salary—or at least, that the troupe should pay her living expenses.
But most people felt that the news was only intended to give an extra thrill to the all-important event of Bank Holiday.
“Now then, let me hear what you have to say.  But she only watched him with large, troubled eyes, and did not speak.
He drew her into the shadow of the wall, and put his arms round her, lifting her from her feet with passionate yearning.
“Allaye! he said, with a faint lift of the lip that showed his teeth, like a pained animal: a curious sort of smile.
When morning came, and the bleary people pulled the curtains, it was a clear dawn, and they were in the south of France.
And every time the omnibus took a new turn, she thought it was coming out on the top of this hollow between the heights.
All those other peasant women, did they feel as she did?—the same sort of acquiescent passion, the same lapse of life?
Alvina felt that if she were left much alone with him she would need all her English ascendancy not to be afraid of him.
In the end, she felt that intense sunlight had on her the effect of night: a sort of darkness, and a suspension of life.
For forty years, he produced and distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
Earls and barons shall not be amerced except through their peers, and only in accordance with the degree of the offense.
Earls and barons shall not be amerced except through their peers, and only in accordance with the degree of the offense.
For forty years, he produced and distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
Plutarch   But judgments like those of the appreciative and discerning author of the treatise _On the Sublime_ are rare.
A poem is like a picture, Horace says, in that some poems appear to better advantage close up, and others at a distance.
The poets justly carry over rhetoric when the scene demands it, and have often proved themselves excellent rhetoricians.
Throughout this passage rhetoric is never mentioned in any other context than one of pleasure to the ear of the auditor.
A figure is two-fold: relative and independent,  and he names over in his jargon the six figures which are of each kind.
That flesh and blood character realizations in drama or story could be attained by this method Aristotle never intended.
For such purposes no poetry was thought to be better than Homer, whose epics furnish so many examples of heroic conduct.
For instance, the fable of the centaur was invented to show, by the union of man and horse, the swiftness of human life.
These traditions of allegory and the ornate style were, as has been shown, in turn derived from post-classical rhetoric.
Gerardi Joannis Vossii, _De artis poeticae, natura, ac constitutions liber_, cap VII, in _Opera_ (Amsterdam, 1697), III.
He is profuse in his compliments, but he has no conscience as to bribes, and little regard for virtue as its own reward.
We must account to God for our acts, and not to men.  The regular route from Sivas to Erzerum passes through Erzinjan.
The Vali was sitting in a large arm-chair in front of a very small desk, placed at the far end of a vacant-looking room.
It was now six weeks earlier than the time of General Chodzko’s ascent (August 11 to 18), then the earliest on record.
Its stanchness and comfort are surprising when we consider the rapidity with which it may be taken down and transported.
Then, too, they disliked very much to travel in the heat of the day, for all summer traveling in China is done at night.
In this way, we soon discovered that the length of a Chinese _li_ was even more changeable than the value of the _tael_.
Scarcely an edict or document of any kind is issued that does not go over his signature or under his direct supervision.
Various attempts have       been made in different ages to ascend these tremendous mountain       pyramids, but in vain.
I wonder my Brother stays so long: sure Mr. _Bellmour_ is not yet arriv’d, yet he sent us word he would be here to day.
You know how long I have ador’d that Maid; But still her haughty Pride repell’d my Flame, And all its fierce Efforts.
I had forgot it--A pox on’t, this ‘tis to have a Partner in A Coach; by Fortune, I must marry and set up a whole one.
Yes, Sir, I will have mercy; I’ll give you Lodging--but in a Dungeon, Sir, Where you shall ask your Food of Passers by.
Yes, if you dare, there’s danger in it though, She has Charms that will bewitch you: --I dare not stand their Mischief.
Whilst I to save my Fortune, (That only which you’d make me merit thee) Gave my unwilling Hand to this fair noble Maid.
I have already writ to my Uncle, and the Messenger assur’d me, he would gratify my Desires; that done, I will be yours.
A Pox of all Lords, I say, you must be janting in the Devil’s name, and God’s dry Ground wou’d not serve your turn.
But should the _Grand Seignior_ behold thy Beauty, thou wou’dst despise thine own dear hony Viscount to be a _Sultana_.
Gayman, now able to redeem his forfeited estates, dresses in his finest clothes and appears at Sir Feeble Fainwou’d’.
Your Ladyship wou’d make no Scruple of it, if you knew how this poor Gentleman has been us’d by my unmerciful Master.
We cannot help our Inclinations, Sir, No more than Time, or Light from coming on-- But I can keep my Virtue, Sir, intire.
Ay, but you may over-act your part, and spoil all--But, Sir, I hope you’ll use a Christian Conscience in this business.
Madam, ‘twas a pious Fraud, if it were one; for I was contracted to him before--see, here it is--    [_Gives it ‘em_.
You will ha’t, whether I will or not--rise, you are still too hard for us: Come, Sir, forgive your Nephew--  Sir _Cau_.
The stage history of _The Forc’d Marriage; or, The Jealous Bridegroom_ is best told in the quaint phrase of old Downes.
I must confess I had the honour, Sir, To lead on twenty thousand fighting Men, Whom Fortune gave the Glory of the Day to.
Nor knew he other rest than on his Horse-back, Where he would sit and take a hearty Nap; And then too dreamt of fighting.
I do not say I can; but tell me then, Where be the Virtues of this mighty Man, That he should brave it over all the rest?
Yes, he might have lain by, Like rusty Armour, else, Had she not brought him into play again; The Devil take her for’t.
Yet, Madam, let me hope before I go, In pity that you ought to let me do: ’.is all you shall allow m’impatient heart.
Alcander_, am I awake?--or being so, Dost not perceive this senseless Flesh of mine Hardened into a cold benumbed Statue?
But he who gave him sober promises, No sooner found himself out of his arms, But frantick and i’th’ dark he got away.
The good he does you ought to adore him for, But all his evils ‘tis the Gods must punish, Who made no Laws for Princes.
It well becomes the Honour you’re design’d for, this Night to wed two Princes--come with me and know your happy Fate.
also Lord Dorset’s _Verses on Dorinda_ (1680):--      Wilt thou still sparkle in the Box,       Still ogle in the Ring?
Collerette de mousseline.’  Colombine (Mopsophil) in 1683 wore a traditional costume: ‘Casaquin rouge bordé de noir.
It will be remembered that Pope was indebted to a hint from _Gabalis_ for his aerial machinery in _The Rape of the Lock_.
For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
“Perhaps, he said, nervously, “you would raise me to three dollars and a half?  “What is the boy thinkin’ of?
“No, I only spent thirty-seven cents.  “Then I don’t wonder you got rich, said Chester, with a curl of the lip.
I expect it’s the last I’ll pay you.  “Yes, sir, I suppose so.  “I don’t know how I’ll like the Wood boy.
Mr. Morris, though a minister, had none of the starched dignity that many of his profession think it necessary to assume.
What about?  “Your nephew, Walter Bruce, is staying at our house.  “Is he? returned Silas Tripp, indifferently.
“Take it and use it careful.  “I think we will try to get along without it, said Chester, with a curl of the lip.
“I ain’t no call to do it, and I won’t do it.  But he was not asked to defray the expenses of the simple funeral.
I’ll send Chester to jail unless he returns it—every cent of it.  Here Abel entered the store, followed by Chester.
I could tell you more wonderful stories about friends of mine, though it was the luckiest thing that ever happened to me.
He never stopped to consider what would be the result if things did not turn out as he hoped—if he lost instead of won.
What he did for the comic weeklies, added to his work for Prof. Hazlitt, brought him in ten dollars a week on an average.
That’s what beats me.  Mullins began to appreciate the situation, and he was cudgeling his brains for an explanation.
Dick Ralston’s appearance was decidedly against him, and his “loud attire was in keeping with his face and manners.
How long is he going to stay at the Fifth Avenue?  “He left for Washington this morning.  “I am sorry to hear it.
“This is Chester Rand, the young artist who is illustrating my ethnological work, brother Nugent, said Prof. Hazlitt.
“I don’t wish you to tell me if you have an objection.  “Yes, I will tell you, for I think you are a true friend.
If Miss Frost saved him from heaven knows what domestic débâcle and horror, Miss Pinnegar saved him from the workhouse.
There was a sale of poor machinery, and James Houghton came home to the dark, gloomy house—to Miss Pinnegar and Alvina.
But every one has their own taste.  Alvina felt she was being overborne, and that she was letting herself be overborne.
To be sure, a pat from such a shabbily-black-kid-gloved hand would not have been so flattering—she need not imagine it!
She would not speak to him, she would not observe his presence, she was stone deaf and stone blind: there _was_ no James.
And the inexorable in her nature was highly exclusive and selective, an inevitable negation of looseness or prostitution.
“How do you find Woodhouse, after being away so long? Her way of speaking was so quiet, as if she hardly spoke aloud.
But it is so difficult to _collect_ one’s dues, particularly from America. He lifted his blue eyes to James Houghton.
An’ they live in Offerton when they aren’t travelling.  “Cowlard—thank you. Mr. May took out his pocket-book.
Having come to an agreement, he had ventured on whiskey and soda in honour, and James had actually taken a glass of port.
Would you hang up my dress, dear, and fold my stockings?  Alvina quickly folded and put aside the dainty underclothing.
You look forth across the flowers to the blue snow, and you see, far off, a small figure of a man moving among the grass.
She has united us once more, and so she has become one of us. Madame smiled strangely from her blank, round white face.
She returned to her own house, to her own room, anxious to tidy everything, not wishing to have her landlady in the room.
When breakfast was over, and Alvina had gone to her room, Geoffrey went out into the back yard, where the bicycles stood.
“Well, in that case—In that case—Supposing you have made an irrevocable decision—  He looked up at her sharply.
At the most they will ask us only to leave their pure country.  “We don’t interfere with none of them, cried Max.
I want ter feel as I’ve had summat: a bit o’ suetty dumplin’ an’ a pint o’ hale, summat ter fill th’ hole up.
When he had to go his rounds she would go with him in the car: he made up his mind she would be willing to accompany him.
And if ever she did not go out with him, she would be there on the doorstep waiting for him the moment she heard the car.
His eyelashes were as long and dark as ever, his eyes had still the attractive look of being set in with a smutty finger.
“Very much.  “And aren’t you dying for the song?  “Quite.  “There! cried Mrs. Tuke, into the moonlight.
They drank port all through the night, Tommy being strictly forbidden to interfere upstairs, or even to fetch the doctor.
She watched the word hanging in the station in the dimness: “Pisa. Ciccio told her people were changing for Florence.
Even now, he was infinitely happier performing these little attentions for Alvina than attending to his wretched domains.
She felt that in some way Pancrazio had killed his wife—not consciously, but unconsciously, as Ciccio might kill _her_.
With less philosophical basis these fundamental differences were maintained by nearly all the classical literary critics.
Although Aristotle includes dithyrambic, nomic, satiric, and lyric poetry in his discussion, he practically ignores them.
Consequently he declines to classify this form of oratory separately, reducing Aristotle's three kinds of oratory to two.
Concerning thought, we may   assume what is said in the _Rhetoric_, to which inquiry the subject more   properly belongs.
In the first place these treatises gave only the dry husks of rhetoric, the conventional analyses, the stock definitions.
A scheme is the fashion of a word, sayyng or sentence, otherwyse wrytten or spoken then after the vulgar and comon usage.
The stylistic exuberance of the Elizabethans gave place to a more restrained and polished phrase in the reign of Charles.
How much better, exclaims St. Augustine, are these fables of the poets than the false religious notions of the Manichees.
In the _Convivio_ (c. 1306), Dante gives a very full and complete exposition of the proper method of interpreting a text.
Wilson recommended the _Proverbs_ of Heywood as furnishing allegories useful in the amplification of a point in a speech.
For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
Her coiffure, always elaborate, sometimes includes a string of gold coins, encircling the head, or strung down the plait.
He immediately stopped in his hurry, struck a match, and offered a light.    [Illustration: EVENING HALT IN A VILLAGE.]
Looking up we saw, sure enough, our two zaptiehs and muleteer on the very spot where we had left them the evening before.
Toward evening we rode in the garden of the harem of the khan, and at daybreak the next morning were again in the saddle.
“One farsak (four miles), he replied, although he must have known at the time that the village was already behind us.
On one occasion a report was circulated that Abdurrahman Khan, the Ameer of Afghanistan, was lying at the point of death.
“Kumiss John, who was evidently the pet of the household, had a rudely constructed cot at the far end of the kibitka.
But the rows of poplars, the whitewash, and the telegas were still left to remind us of the temporary Russian occupation.
Happily it was an overdose, and the vomiting which immediately followed relieved both the patient and the anxious doctor.
Extortion was now self-evident, and, remonstrance being of no avail, we were obliged to protect ourselves with our fists.
Our bare calves were pinched by the frost, for on some of the coldest mornings we would find a quarter of an inch of ice.
The short sack-coat and tight trousers of the foreigner are looked upon as certainly inelegant, if not actually indecent.
The room itself was filled with mandarins from various parts of the country, waiting for an audience with his excellency.
There were no prominent cheek-bones or almond-shaped eyes, which are so distinctively seen in most of the Mongolian race.
Finally the interview was brought to a close by a health from the viceroy to “Ta-m-quo (the great American country).
In the eastern horizon Li-Hung-Chang shines as the brilliant star of morning that tells of the coming of a brighter dawn.
For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
But since my Brother came from _Italy_, And brought young _Bellmour_ to our House, How very little thou hadst said of him!
No, not till you raise your Siege, and be gone; go march to your Lady of Love, and Debauch--go--You get no _Celinda_ here.
I neither doubt thy Industry, nor Love; Go, and be careful of my Interest there, Whilst I preserve thine as intirely here.
Yonder he is--and that fair splendid Thing, That gazes on him with such kind Desire, Is my blest Rival--Oh, he is married!
Are you not satisfied with all I’ve said, With all the Vows I’ve made, Which here anew, in sight of Heaven, I breathe?
But, Sir, to open the eyes of your understanding--here’s a Letter to you, from your Correspondent a Merchant of _Sevil_.
No matter for that, I’ll not lose an Inch of my Quality for a King’s ransom; disgrace my self before my fair Mistress!
Lady _Fulbank_, in love with _Gayman_, honest and    generous,                                               Mrs. _Barry_.
Sure ‘tis the day that gleams in yonder East, The day that all but Lovers blest by Shade Pay chearful Homage to: Lovers!
Alas, I know not whom to suspect, I wou’d I did; but if you cou’d discover him--I wou’d so swinge him--  Sir _Feeb_.
Well, if no body dare venture on me, I’ll send away my Cash--          [_They all go to play at the Table, but Sir_ Cau.
The Duty which we pay your Majesty, Ought to be such, as what we pay the Gods; Which always bears its Recompence about it.
she’as all about her that she had, Of Youth and Beauty she is Mistress still, And may dispose it how and where she will.
This night _Erminia’s_ Promise may repose you; To morrow is your own-- Till then I beg you’d think your interest safe.
By all the Gods, _Alcippus_ I do hate, And would do any thing to change my fate; Ought that were just and noble I dare do.
--What will the Princess say to this return You’ve made to all the offers she has sent This Night by Prince _Philander_?
You are unjust, if you demand a Life Must fall a Sacrifice to _Erminia’s_ Ghost, That is a debt I have ingag’d to pay.
Scaramouch is the necromancer’s man, and the comic scenes, although the stage tricks are old, prove very good pantomime.
‘tis all o’er my-- Well, Gentlemen, since none of these has sped, Gad, we have bought a Share i’th’ speaking Head.
Tell me, and tell me quickly, Rogue, who were those Traitors that were hid but now in the Disguise of a piece of Hangings.
Most true, Seignior; why shou’d not the Cavaliers keep _Filles de Chambre_, as well as great Ladies _Valets de Chambre_?
Why, ‘tis a Rival of mine, who put on this Disguise to cheat me of Mistress _Mopsophil_.--See, here’s a Billet to her.
At last by joint Consent, we both agreed To try our Titles by the Dint of Lance, And chose your Mightiness for Arbitrator.
If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email business@pglaf.org.
Yet I ought to have some money.  “How’s that?  “When my mother died uncle Silas acted as executor of her estate.
It seems almost incredible that a sketch which he had dashed off in twenty minutes should bring in such a magnificent sum.
No, mother, I will never serve Silas Tripp again.  “There might be some other chance.  “But there isn’t, mother.
By the way, I heard at the post office that the shoe manufactory will open again in three weeks.  “That’s good news.
Here, give me your valise, and make yourself at home.  Chester sat down by the window and gazed out on the broad street.
He preferred to wait till he had an interview with the professor, and decided whether he could do the work satisfactorily.
Mr. Mullins, on seeing him, laid aside his unpleasant manner, and said, in a matter-of-fact tone:  “This is Mrs. Carlin.
Mr. Mullins, give Mrs. Carlin a receipt on account, and she will pay the balance as soon as she can.  “Thank you, sir.
What does he say now?  “He doesn’t know that the receipt is found.  “How is that? asked the mechanic, puzzled.
One evening last week, I saw him going into Daly’s Theatre with a young fellow handsomely dressed—quite a young swell.
“Very well, Mr. Ralston, answered Chester, coldly, for he could not forget how the gambler had treated his old father.
What was his surprise to see his recent acquaintance, Paul Perkins, sitting in an armchair, reading a Minneapolis journal.
When Felix entered the bank, he also entered the bank, and stood behind Felix in the line at the paying teller’s window.
They walked about the town—it was not a city then—and Chester picked out several lots which he was in favor of buying.
I saw her go off myself yesterday afternoon, bag and baggage.  “Was she dissatisfied, do you think?  “Like as not.
If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
And so, underneath the foam and froth of James’ creative adventure flowed a slow but steady stream of output and income.
“To tell the truth I haven’t thought much about it at all.  “Well I think you should, said Miss Allsop severely.
The father had left each of his sons a fair little sum of money, which Arthur, the eldest, had already increased ten-fold.
“Yes, I’ve been it once or twice—with girls that are all married now.  “Didn’t you want to marry? she asked.
“But if a man never knows his own mind, he certainly can’t be much of a man.  “I don’t see it, replied Albert.
She had a last view of Arthur stooping over his precious leg, while Calladine stooped his length and held down the candle.
We are in peril of our lives from them: and in peril of our souls too, for they would damn us one and all to the ordinary.
Good-morning.  Mr. May’s quick eye, roving round, had seen a negro stoop from under the canvas that covered one booth.
He was one of those men who carry themselves in a birdie fashion, so that their tail sticks out a little behind, jauntily.
In her spare time Alvina sat in the ladies’ dressing room, or in its lower doorway, for there was not room right inside.
She saw the men’s feet, in their shabby pumps, on the other side of the curtain, and she heard the men’s gruff voices.
James ceased to wave his penny-blackened hands, Alvina struck up “Welcome All as loudly and emphatically as she could.
His curious soft slouch, and curious way of lifting his lip from his white teeth, in a sort of smile, was very convincing.
He went the round of associates known and unknown, of lodgings strange and familiar, of third-rate possible public houses.
As he pressed in the long darkness that lay between Slaters Mill and Durbeyhouses, he saw a light ahead—another cyclist.
I will send Ciccio with them—or one of the others—  “I should like to say good-bye to you all, persisted Alvina.
Don’t bother. So he sat with his head on his hand in the box-office, and Mr. May had to leave him to operate the film.
She sat in horror and apprehension, her eyebrows raised, starting and looking at James in terror whenever he made a noise.
But I have seen— Alvina watched with wide, troubled eyes, while Madame darted looks, as from bright, deep black glass.
He never wore black, and was very unhappy in it, being almost morbidly sensitive to the impression the colour made on him.
Whether she was herself or not, in the hideous, common, stuffy sitting-room of the lodging-house she did not know or care.
Dark, he sat beside her, drawn in to himself, overcast by his presumed inferiority among these northern industrial people.
And it seemed, in spite of all, one state was very much the same to him as another, poverty was as much life as affluence.
Whereupon Geoffrey immediately flopped on his knees again before Alvina, and presented her his broad, rich-coloured cheek.
He was about fifty-four years old, tall, largely-built, with a good figure, but with extraordinarily large feet and hands.
But he saw a half-frightened, half-guilty look on her face, and during the weeks of anticipation he had worked himself up.
And so he craved for marriage: to possess her entirely, and to have her always there with him, so that he was never alone.
In answer to which Alvina held up a finger warningly, and Tommy, suddenly remembering, fell back as if he had been struck.
“You must eat them, and excuse my uncomfortable house.  Giovanni came in with a big bowl of soup and a bottle of milk.
It was strangest of all to see through his yellow, often dull, red-rimmed eyes these blithe and well-conditioned painters.
She loved it: it made her quite careless about everything, she was just swept along in the powerful flood of the sunshine.
If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
We also will and grant that all other cities, boroughs, towns, and ports shall enjoy all their liberties and free customs.
If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
Puttenham was writing in the same age and with the same tradition which defined Rhetoric as the art of ornament in speech.
Tragedy, he says, is an imitation of an action ... through pity and fear effecting the proper purgation of these emotions.
Let it be noted, for one thing, that Horace is talking not about the purpose of poetry, but about the purpose of the poet.
If the people would take the trouble to understand these clouded truths, they would praise and appreciate the moral poets.
To the allegorist, the fable or plot in epic or dramatic poetry was only a rind to cover attractively the kernel of truth.
If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email business@pglaf.org.
They live in caves or rudely constructed huts, shifting their habitation at will, or upon the exhaustion of the pasturage.
After two days in Angora we diverged from the direct route to Sivas through Yüzgat, so as to visit the city of Kaisarieh.
At Koch-Hissar, on our way from Sivas to Kara Hissar, a delay was caused by a rather serious break in one of our bicycles.
As it was, our feet were blistered and bruised, the thin leather sandals worn at the outset offering very poor protection.
The poor fellow instinctively grabbed his donkeys about their necks, as though they were about to plunge over a precipice.
The slope became steeper and steeper, until it abutted in an almost precipitous cliff coated with snow and glistening ice.
At the various dinner-parties and sociables given throughout the winter, the topic of war always met with general welcome.
The terrible shocks of the year before our visit killed several hundred people, and a whole mountain in the vicinity sank.
But the phrase _quai-ti-henn_ (very fast), which concluded almost every sentence, showed what feature impressed them most.
A favorable answer was received the next morning, and the time for our visit fixed for the afternoon of the day following.
If the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email business@pglaf.org.
Lord Plotwell warmly welcomes his nephew home, and proceeds to unfold his design of giving him his niece Diana in marriage.
You do me much Honour: I must confess I do not find the softer Sex cruel; I am received as well as another Man of my Parts.
Expect none from me; no, thou shalt not have So much of thy Estate, as will afford thee Bread: By Heav’n, thou shalt not.
Oh, you will tell me he was kind-- Yes, yes--oh God--were not his balmy Kisses Sweeter than Incense offer’d up to Heaven?
Why, this comes of Idleness; thou should’st have bound him Prentice in time, the Boy would have made a good saucy Taylor.
_Guz_.--How shall I get it to her?--Sir, the Governor hopes he shall have the honour of entertaining you both at his House.
Enter, _as aboard the Ship_, Guiliom, Isabella, Francisco, Julia,     Antonio, Clara, Jacinta, Pedro _and his Wife_, Pages.
your Anger’s just, I must confess: yet pardon the frailty of my Sex’s vanity; behold my Tears that sue for pity to you.
Gammer _Grime_, Landlady to _Gayman_, a Smith’s    Wife in _Alsatia_,                                      Mrs. _Powell_.
Perhaps in time the King may find my Innocence, and may extend   his Mercy: Mean time I’ll make provision for our Flight.
Ah, cruel Sister, I am tame become, And will reverse my happy Rival’s doom: Yes, he shall live to triumph o’er my Tomb.
‘The development of the intrigue by dialogue and action was left to the native wit of the several players,’ writes J.A.
but at last I’m free, and the Doctor’s gone; I’ll to _Cinthio_, and bring him to pass this Night with our Mistresses.
Dryden’s _Epilogue to the King and Queen_ at the Union of the Two Companies, 1682, has:--      Then for your lacquies ...
His prologue to Vanbrugh’s alteration of _The Pilgrim_ (1700) begins:--      How wretched is the fate of those who write!
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
Silas Tripp had one assistant, a stout, pleasant-looking boy of fifteen, who looked attractive, despite his well-worn suit.
His heart was heavy, for he felt that, poorly as they lived hitherto, they must live more poorly still in the days to come.
I don’t want to put him on his guard.  Abel put his broom behind the door and betook himself to the house of Mrs. Rand.
“Well, Chester, said Mr. Gardener, pleasantly, “have you disposed of your lots in Tacoma yet?  “No, Mr. Gardener.
By the time you are twenty-one you may come into a competence.  “I won’t think of it till then.  “That’s right.
He found himself in a spacious room, neatly furnished and hung around with engravings, with here and there an oil painting.
“Well, did he pay his rent?  “No; he said he had paid it already.  “Oh, he did, did he? sneered the bookkeeper.
There is plenty to see in New York.  “That will suit me, Mr. Perkins.  About eight o’clock the two went downstairs.
He says Chester wasn’t spry enough, that he wasn’t wide awake enough to work in the city.  Mrs. Rand actually smiled.
“Now tell me how it happens that you didn’t apply to some friend or relative.  A shadow passed over the boy’s face.
Yet he had not increased his personal expenses, and now had nearly a thousand dollars deposited in different savings banks.
“Tell Mr. Tripp I prefer New York to Wyncombe as a place of     business, and I am obliged to decline his generous offer.
“You will make yourself poor helping others.  “I shall sleep better for having aided the old man, answered Chester.
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
After ten years’ sales, spring sales, summer sales, autumn sales, winter sales, James began to give up the drapery dream.
And so she trudged the country, giving music lessons to the daughters of tradesmen and of colliers who boasted pianofortes.
James came home with clay smeared all over him, discoursing brilliantly on grit and paste and presses and kilns and stamps.
He was a man of medium height, dark in colouring, with very dark eyes, and a body which seemed to move inside his clothing.
And yet, if they had ever actually demanded a dirty story or a really open indecency from her, she would have been floored.
On the obverse the three legs still go kicking the soft-footed spin of the universe, the dolphin flirts and the crab leers.
And she laughed and squirmed a little, so that they felt all the more her warmth and softness under their arm’s pressure.
Surely Clariss’ heart-disease was a more emphatic sign of obstinate self-importance than ever James’ shop-windows were.
When she met him in the street she would stop him—though he was always busy—and make him exchange a few words with her.
It horrified him, it exasperated him, it made him hate the whole tribe of women: horrific two-legged cats without whiskers.
There was one tall young fellow with a red face and fair hair, who looked as if he had fronted the seas and the arctic sun.
He was a Swiss Frenchman, moderately tall, with prominent cheekbones and a wing of glossy black hair falling on his temple.
Madame kissed her hand, then drew her down and kissed her on either cheek, gravely, as the young men had kissed each other.
And Miss Houghton tells me I should not dance tomorrow, it is too soon.  “Miss Houghton _knows_, said Mr. May archly.
When he was in his war-paint, for one moment she hated his muscular, handsome, downward-drooping torso: so stupid and full.
Good-bye!  Madame took Alvina’s hand, and smiled at her winsomely all at once, kindly, from her inscrutable black eyes.
He’s gone against his own nature and his own life.  “Oh but, said Alvina, “father was a showman even in the shop.
And I shall give you a receipt, which the young men will witness.  The party sat down to tea, in the stuffy sitting-room.
We were wondering about you.  “Thank you, she said, as she passed into the dirty hall where still two bicycles stood.
Beneath the tiny table, he took her two knees between his knees, and pressed them with a slow, immensely powerful pressure.
She could say “haberdashery shop, and her sphinx would recognize this answer as true to nature, and would be satisfied.
“Take it and throw it down the sink, and the next time you want a soothing syrup put a little boot-blacking in hot water.
Every morning it would be unbearable to have to tear himself away from her, and every hour he would be rushing back to her.
He stood there, watching the music, his lips curling in his faintly-derisive Italian manner, as he talked to the other man.
He stayed suspended, again looking up at her with the bright, unfolded eyes of a wild creature which plays and is not seen.
He kissed Ciccio and burst into tears on his shoulder, there in the great turmoil of the entrance hall of the Gare de Lyon.
So he put his luggage into a pile on the platform, told Alvina to stand by it, whilst he went off for the registered boxes.
So they trailed up stony dark ways to a butcher, and got a big red slice of meat; to a baker, and got enormous flat loaves.
They mounted into a two-wheeled cart, Alvina and Ciccio behind, Pancrazio and the driver in front, the luggage promiscuous.
But there was something underneath—malevolent in his spirit, some caged-in sort of cruelty, malignant beyond his control.
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
In going over the ground surveyed by him and by many other scholars I have been able to add but slight gleanings of my own.
On the other hand, the mimes of Sophron and Xenarchus, although composed in prose, he considers within the scope of poetic.
It hath two parts, garnishing of speach, called Eloqution, and garnishing of the manner of utterance, called Pronunciation.
But the study of characterization as part of the education of an orator became fixed in the curriculum of rhetoric schools.
Here the humours, to anticipate Ben Jonson, give names not only to the characters of the play, but to the plays themselves.
Milton, our most scholarly poet, during most of his life could not keep his mind and pen from church and national politics.
Literary criticism was not a field to be tilled, but a wood to be explored by busy men who could find time for the exploit.
On its creative side the renaissance sought to produce in the vernacular a literature comparable to that of Greece or Rome.
It is very natural, then, that Dante should as the supreme poet of the middle ages furnish the supreme example of allegory.
Allegory in Mediaeval England   England as well as Italy furnished a congenial soil for allegory in the thirteenth century.
But Wilson is a rhetorician, not a theorist of poetry; he is not concerned with the moral example as the purpose of poetry.
He is making a speech to his mistress trying to prove to her his undying passion that she may grant him the ultimate favor.
As late as the _Hypercritica_ (1618) of Bolton, history is defined as nothing else but a kind of philosophy using examples.
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
The customer stands in the street inspecting the articles on exhibition; the merchant sits on his heels on the booth floor.
They had heard of the “devil’s carts when in Van, and had made straight for our quarters on their arrival in Bayazid.
Among the pilgrims were blue and green turbaned Saids, direct descendants of the Prophet, as well as white-turbaned mollas.
These structures are usually distinguished by a single room built on the roof, and projecting some distance over the eaves.
Backward it fell as we dashed by, and then the sound of a splash and splutter reached us as we disappeared in the darkness.
Between the rival hospitality of the Russian and English consulates our health was now in jeopardy from excess of kindness.
Thousands of feet below us the city of Askabad was ablaze with lights, shining like beacons on the shore of the desert sea.
On November 6 we reached Samarkand, the ancient capital of Tamerlane, and the present terminus of the Transcaspian railway.
It was difficult for them to understand why we had come so far to see a country which to many of them was a place of exile.
The wild tulips, pinks, and verbenas dotting the green slopes furnished the only pleasant diversion from our arduous labor.
Water is found almost everywhere near the surface, and springs bubble up in the hollows, often encircled by exterior oases.
But we were now on a bit of the genuine Gobi—that is, “Sandy Desert—of the Mongolian, or “Shamo of the Chinese.
We, of course, were expected to carry our own provisions and do our own culinary work like any other respectable travelers.
The person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
Love is my bus’ness, that of all the World; Only my Flame as much surmounts the rest, As is the Object’s Beauty I adore.
Come, Sir, you must learn to be gay, to sing, to dance, and talk of any thing, and fancy any thing that’s in your way too.
Heav’n has not, Sir, decreed us for each other: Something of Fate or Chance Has otherwise dispos’d those first Resolves.
She forthwith strikes up a match with the False Count, leaving Antonio free to marry Clara, Julia’s sister, whom he loves.
It had little success]--it is a good Comedy and was very well acted.’  The audience must indeed have been qualmish prudes.
Let the Captain and I alone to top upon him--mean time, Sir, I have brought my Musick, to entertain my Mistress with a Song.
Ay, that was in his wooing time to me: But now ‘tis all forgotten--                                 [_Musick at the door_.
On the title page of the second quarto (1690), _The Forc’d Marriage_ is said to have been played at the Queen’s Theatre.
If he be brave, he’ll not refuse this offer; If not, I’ll do as he has done by me, And meet his hated Soul by Treachery.
Scaramouch_, I have, for thy singular Wit and Honesty, always had a Tenderness for thee above that of a Master to a Servant.
be pleas’d, Seignior, to ‘solve me some Queries that may enode some appearances of the Virtue of the Water you speak of.
Sir, you will behold abundance; look up and see the Orbal World descending; observe the Zodiack, Sir, with her twelve Signs.
They     address themselves to_ Elaria _and_ Bellemante.--Doctor _falls on his     Face, the rest bow very low as they pass.
EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000, are filed in directories based on their release date.
This sum little by little had melted, and a month previous the last dollar had been spent for the winter’s supply of coal.
“I hope you ain’t a-goin’ to stand up for your son in his didoes.  “I shall certainly stand by Chester, Mr. Tripp.
Then, if my cousin comes, your mother will not be so lonesome.  “It is the very thing, said Chester, enthusiastically.
As Mr. Tripp had the reputation of keeping a very poor table, he had never succeeded in retaining a boarder over four weeks.
As to punishment, I am sure he has been punished enough by his enforced flight and sense of wrongdoing.     CHAPTER XXXVI.
An unsociable traveler misses many of the profitable results of his journey, besides finding time hang heavily on his hands.
Do you know what he paid?  “Two hundred dollars.  “He’ll never be able to pay for it.  “He has paid cash down.
Miss Frost mattered more than any one else to Alvina Houghton, during the first long twenty-five years of the girl’s life.
It consisted in gripping any recalcitrant boy just above the knee, and jesting with him in a jocular manner, in the dialect.
She kept her own work-rooms against him, with a soft, heavy, silent tenacity that would have beaten stronger men than James.
She came to St. Pancras, she got her cab, she drove off to her destination—and as she drove, she looked out of the window.
They wanted to be callous, and if you were not callous to match, they made a fool of you and prevented your doing your work.
She had the old, womanly faculty for sitting quiet and collected—not indeed for a life-time, but for long spells together.
As a matter of fact, no generation repeats the mistakes of the generation ahead, any more than any river repeats its course.
“I shall never feel anything any more, she said in her abrupt way to Miss Frost’s friend, another woman of over fifty.
“But father, said Alvina, “there’ll be nobody to come.  “Plenty of people—plenty of people, said her father.
I’m hanged if she didn’t go into the kitchen while my back was turned, and pour a pint of old carrot-water into the pan.
The lamps go out: gurglings and kissings—and then the dither on the screen: “The Human Bird, in awful shivery letters.
But when he was dressed in common clothes, and was just a cheap, shoddy-looking European Jap, he was more frightening still.
They need an overseeing eye: especially Ciccio; especially Ciccio!  She sank down by the fire and began to undo her dress.
Again she noticed the tender, dusky Mediterranean hands, the slender wrists, slender for a man naturally loose and muscular.
The long black lashes lay motionless, the rather long, fine Greek nose drew the same light breaths, the mouth remained shut.
From the heart—no.  Madame plucked her white fingers together and laid them on her breast with a gesture of repudiation.
She kneeled by the dead _brave_, her husband, as she had knelt by the bear: in fear and admiration and doubt and exultation.
“Well, Miss Houghton, she said, “time to say good-bye, I suppose.  “How do you feel after dancing? asked Alvina.
He raised his shoulders and spread his hands and swayed his head from side to side, for all the world like a comic mandarin.
Walgatchka must travel to the tent of Kishwégin, to the Camp of the Tawaras.  “Not tonight, _mon brave_, said Ciccio.
I’m going away.  “With the travelling theatrical company?  “Yes.  The lawyer studied his finger-nails intensely.
It doesn’t matter if you’ve had your life.  “You’ve never had your life, till you’re dead, said Miss Pinnegar.
She smiled when he talked of going up to Scotland, for grouse shooting, or of snatching an hour on Sunday morning, for golf.
They discussed the furnishing—she could not help suggesting a few alterations, a few arrangements according to _her_ idea.
He looked common: and yet with that peculiar southern aloofness which gave him a certain beauty and distinction in her eyes.
He had bright, bluish eyes, and a fattish face—was a man of about fifty, but had a simple, kindly, slightly imbecile face.
The hollow grooves were full of mud and water, and one struggled slipperily from rock to rock, or along narrow grass-ledges.
When they were over the river, and among the dark scrub, he took her in his arms and kissed her with long, terrible passion.
It was a pity they reminded her of the many-breasted Artemis, a picture of whom, or of whose statue, she had seen somewhere.
As long as these republican institutions prevailed, the theory and practice of rhetoric continued to be sound and practical.
One of the earliest published evidences of this influence is George Whetstone's _Dedication to Promos and Cassandra_ (1578).
Sidney had followed Scaliger in classifying poets into three kinds: the theological, the philosophical, and the right poets.
Of the 121 figures which Puttenham defines and illustrates, Professor Van Hook has traced 107 to Quintilian's rhetoric[236].
To sum up, classical critics had recognized two categories of literature: a fine art, poetic; and a practical art, rhetoric.
In the _Protagoras_, however, he puts into the mouth of that famous sophist an exposition of the conventional Greek opinion.
Lysias  Maggi Martial Martianus Capella Mazzoni Melanchthon Menander Menenius Agrippa Milton Minturno  Nash, T. Newman, J.H.
EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000, are filed in directories based on their release date.
Never since the days of Marco Polo had a European traveler succeeded in crossing the Chinese empire from the west to Peking.
“Western China, he said, “is overrun with lawless bands, and the people themselves are very much averse to foreigners.
However, he added, after some reflection, “if your minister makes a request for a passport we will see what can be done.
As we neared the city, some Turkish peasants in the fields caught sight of us, and shouted to their companions: “Russians!
The remarkable geographical position of this mountain seems to justify the Armenian view that it is the center of the world.
On the last day of our ascent, however, we were particularly fortunate in having a clear summit until 1:15 in the afternoon.
Upon his face was the stamp of a rather wild and retiring character, although treachery and deceit were by no means wanting.
Nothing, now, was too heavy for the donkeys, and even the zaptiehs themselves condescended to relieve us of our alpenstocks.
This, then, was the occupant of the mysterious palanquin, which now was opened as we drew up before the village caravansary.
Thereupon we were surrounded with lanterns and firebrands, while the remainder of the caravan party was called to the front.
Acquaintances can eat and drink together with the greatest of good cheer, but there is very little sympathy in conversation.
“Don’t go into China were the last words of our many kind friends as we wheeled out of Tashkend on the seventh of May.
Toward these we now directed our course, and, in view of a rapidly approaching storm, asked to purchase a night’s lodging.
The surplus film, with our extra baggage, was shipped by post, via Siberia and Kiakhta, to meet us on our arrival in Peking.
If his intentions have been carried out, Lan-chou-foo is to-day possessed of a “foot-moving carriage of home production.
When of the proper consistency, the paste was rolled on a metal plate to point it for the aperture in the flute-shaped pipe.
In funeral ceremonies, especially of the father, custom also requires the children to give public expression to their grief.
With the dusk of evening we entered the western gate of the “Manchu City, and began to thread its crowded thoroughfares.
The paper that covered the low walls and squatty ceiling, as well as the calico covering on the divans, was soiled and torn.
The left eye, which was partly closed by a paralytic stroke several years ago, gave him a rather artful, waggish appearance.
Sham, however, procures a real parson, and Sir Timothy is for the moment afraid he has got a wife without a dowry or portion.
Indeed, Sir, but I will not; love me this Lady, and marry me this Lady, or I will teach you what it is to refuse such a Lady.
All this, I know, you have the Pow’r to do; But, Sir, were I thus cruel, this hard Usage Would give me Cause to execute it.
Without a Miracle, look on my Eyes-- And Beauty--which you say can kindle Fires; --She that can give, may too retain Desires.
There’s a Husband indeed, pray keep him to your self, if you please; I’ll marry none of him, I’ll see him hanged first.
I am doubly wounded, first with her harmonious Eyes, Who’ve fir’d my Heart to that Degree, No Chimney ever burnt like me.
The Great _Turk’s_ a most worthy Gentleman, and therefore I advise you to do as he advises you; and the Devil take ye both.
He then plies his suit with such ardour that Leticia, induced by poverty and wretchedness, reluctantly consents to marry him.
I am, d’ye see, _Charles_, this very individual, numerical young Mr.--_what ye call ‘um Fainwou’d_, just come from _St.
Philander is distraught with grief, and the King decides that if he harms himself Alcippus shall straightway pay the forfeit.
A Day or two will finish that affair, And then we’ll consummate the happy Day, When all the Court shall celebrate your Joy.
Well, I’ll go visit _Aminta_, and see how She receives me.-- Why, where a duce hast thou dispos’d of      _Enter_ Labree.
--Oh Gods, shall duty to a King and Father Make thee commit a Murder on thy self, Thy sacred self, and me that do adore thee?
You have, and took my whole repose away, And more than that, which you ne’er can restore; I can do nothing as I did before.
Voice: (For I have kept my word, and lay not with him) This brought me hither; but if I mistook, Once more I beg your pardon.
Farewel, _Aminta_; when I can get loose from _Ardelia_, I may chance wait on you, till then your own Pride be your Companion.
_Alcippus_, this will ruin you for ever, Nor is it all the Power you think you have Can save you, if he once be disoblig’d.
_We charged you boldly in our first advance, And gave the Onset_ à la mode de France, _As each had been a_ Joan of Orleance.
Why, that’s just as ‘tis here; but your Men of Quality, your Statesmen, Sir, I presume they are sober, learned, and wise.
Burn all my Books and let my study blaze, Burn all to Ashes, and be sure the Wind Scatter the vile contagious monstrous Lyes.
I have added to the list ‘Page to _Carlos_, A little Page to the False Count; Wife to _Petro_.’  p. 106, l. 26 _halving_.
These words have by a curiously gross error been dropped out in all editions save the 4to 1687.  p. 202, l. 30 _all but for_.
In Southerne’s _The Maid’s Last Prayer_ (1693) Act ii, II, Granger on receiving an invitation to dinner cries: ‘Zounds!
Pepys, 26 April, 1667, saw the Duchess of Newcastle ’.aked-necked, without anything about it, and a black just-au-corps’.
Dishabille had been introduced from France in the reign of Charles II, and (in its various forms) became exceedingly popular.
Ravenscroft, in _The London Cuckolds_ (1682), Act iii, introduces a link-boy singing this verse as he passes down the street.
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United States.
I’ve been meanin’ to tell you that I’ve got a chance to get a cheaper boy.  “Who is it? asked Chester, in dismay.
It would have been hard enough to attempt living on two dollars and a half a week, but that was better than no income at all.
It was two or three days ago he paid you the five-dollar bill.  This was a poser, but Mr. Tripp was equal to the emergency.
“Thank you, ma’am.  Abel was a boy who was always ready to eat and drink, and he accepted the invitation with alacrity.
“What do you say to that, Chester? said the constable, beginning to be shaken in his conviction of Chester’s innocence.
It must have been brought here.  At this moment, Mrs. Rand and the minister whom she had met on the way, entered the store.
There was his sketch looking much more attractive on the fair pages of the periodical than it had done in his pencil drawing.
See?  “Shure, sir, you are very hard with a poor widow, said Mrs. Carlin, wiping her eyes with the corner of her apron.
“I have the front room on the third floor.  As they went upstairs, a prolonged, melancholy shriek rang through the house.
I have a gold one, given me last Christmas.  “Since you are so kind, I think I prefer the hunting watch.  “All right!
The story told by Ralston had its effect upon him, and he decided to keep on in the dangerous path upon which he had entered.
As he went down to the street he reflected that his own position during the broker’s absence might not be very comfortable.
He seems to think I am made of money.  “So he has a comfortable home?  “Yes, answered Ralston, hesitating slightly.
“I haven’t begun to shave yet.  “I think I shall commence next week, remarked Arthur, rubbing his cheek vigorously.
I’m afraid I shall be suspected.  “Look here! growled Ralston, “I don’t want to hear any such weak, puerile talk.
Of     course this cuts off the liberal income I have received from her,     and which has been adequate to meet my expenses.
I have thought, under the circumstances, that you would feel like making a will, and seeing that I was suitably provided for.
I don’t care much for money, but I wouldn’t like to die destitute, and so I asked Mr. Coleman, the lawyer, to come round.
Not that there was, in fact, any secrecy, or any form of unwarranted correspondence between James Houghton and Miss Pinnegar.
Once, for example, he suddenly heaped up piles of hats, trimmed and untrimmed, the weirdest, sauciest, most screaming shapes.
This supercilious and impertinent exploration of the generation gone by, by the present generation, is nothing to our credit.
She was led into the new drawing-room, done in new peacock-and-bronze brocade furniture, with gilt and brass and white walls.
Well, I declare!— and then, on a new note: “Well, he’s very eligible, I think.  “Most eligible! replied Alvina.
I’ll ask father if he’ll close the shop.  Of course James would not close the shop, though he was merely wasting light.
But when she saw Alvina nodding to her with a quick smile from the side gangway under the stage, she almost burst into tears.
She laughed to herself as she went back and forth from Woodhouse to Lumley, between Manchester House and the Pleasure Palace.
He nodded at her slightly, watching her fixedly, turning up the corners of his eyes slyly, his nose seeming slyly to sharpen.
And again he gave the slight, almost imperceptible jerk of the head, backwards and sideways, as if summoning her towards him.
Mr. May was the first to turn up for the lugubrious affair: very tight and tailored, but a little extinguished, all in black.
“They’re still fussing about it.  “And there is some money?  “I have got a hundred pounds here, laughed Alvina.
But it’s just as likely there won’t be another penny—  Madame nodded slowly, as always when she did her calculations.
I should like to be with you, awfully—  She looked across with a look half mischievous, half beseeching at the erect Max.
And you will come home at tea-time, yes?  As soon as Alvina had gone out Ciccio put away his mandoline and lit a cigarette.
Ciccio, who had been watching and slightly grinning, here rose to his feet and took Geoffrey by the shoulder, pulling him up.
“Would you mind putting it ready while I go upstairs?  “Sharpses and Fullbankses sent them bills, said Mrs. Rollings.
Mr. Beeby wants you to go round at seven this evening, Miss Pinnegar—before I forget.  “Really! gasped Miss Pinnegar.
And if you don’t get it—?  “What shall I do, you mean?  “Yes, what shall you do?  “I don’t know.  “How!
She went out and found a little hotel, where she took her room for the night, explaining the cause of her visit to Lancaster.
To be quite alone in the whole world—and quite, quite free, with her hundred pounds—the prospect attracted her sincerely.
“Why, what does an ignorant creature like _you_ know about fower per cent.  The woman muttered a little under her breath.
But they always met with that curious female freemasonry which can form a law unto itself even among most conventional women.
All right!—he had a strange mesmeric power over her, as if he possessed the sensual secrets, and she was to be subjected.
So they went through to the vast, crowded cavern of a Customs house, where they found their porter waving to them in the mob.
Ciccio collected his bundles and put his hat straight and peered out of the window into the steep mountains of the afternoon.
They found Pancrazio a seat at the far end, and there he sat, with his deeply-lined, impassive face and slightly glazed eyes.
Alvina saw the dim ass come up, wander uneasily to the stream, plant his fore legs, and sniff the water, his nose right down.
This cross, you know, was on a little raised place—I don’t know what you call it—  “A platform, suggested Alvina.
In February, as the days opened, the first almond trees flowered among grey olives, in warm, level corners between the hills.
* We will at once return the son of Llywelyn, all Welsh hostages, and the charters delivered to us as security for the peace.
In the _Rhetoric_ he shows that the arrangement of the movement of a speech is governed by entirely different considerations.
Just what the influence of the _Ars poetica_ was and why it was so great a favorite will be discussed in subsequent chapters.
The classical term _inventio_ is thus lifted over bodily, with both change and extension in meaning, from rhetoric to poetic.
In his third book, _Of Ornament_, 165 pages, Puttenham gives an exhaustive and exhausting treatment of the figures of speech.
The view which identifies the pleasant and the just and the good and the noble has an excellent moral and religious tendency.
Allegorical Interpretations in the Middle Ages   Allegorical interpretation was the main weapon of the apologists for poetry.
Quod reliquum igitur est videbitur sibi dialectice vendicare, probabliter dicere de qualibet re, quae deducitur in orationem.
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United States.
After visiting every important city on the peninsula, we left Italy at Brindisi on the last day of 1890 for Corfu, in Greece.
Then suddenly it dawned upon them that we were human beings, and foreigners besides—perhaps even the dreaded Russian spies.
Though his shoulders were bent by the cares and troubles of sixty-three years, we finally induced him to accompany our party.
But we rather considered their little performance as a scheme to extort a little more baksheesh for their necessary presence.
Even the old gentleman, Raffl, joined heartily in the gaiety induced by this clear, cold water from Ararat’s melting snows.
All seemed very domestic and peaceful except the Kurdish dogs, which set upon us with loud, fierce growls and gnashing teeth.
We knew that this was only a scheme on the part of the Kurds, with whom the zaptiehs were in league, to extort money from us.
All detail was lost—all color, all outline; even the surrounding mountains seemed to be but excrescent ridges of the plain.
Near-by usually stands the old battered telega which served as a home during many months of travel over the Orenburg highway.
Being users but not patrons of the Russian post-roads, we were not legally entitled to the conveniences of the post-stations.
The ruins of its many disastrous earthquakes lying low on every hand told us at once the cause of its deserted thoroughfares.
A team of three horses, on making a misstep, were shifted away from the ford into deep water and carried far down the stream.
The growing darkness threw its mantle on the scene, and left imagination to picture for us the nightmare of our boyhood days.
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United States.
In the nuptial chamber Bellmour informs Diana that he cannot love her and she quits him maddened with rage and disappointment.
Why, Sir, we are Gentlemen; and though our ill Fortunes have thrown us on your Bounty, we are not to be term’d--  Sir _Tim_.
O, your Servant, dear _Sham_--But to let thee see, I am none of the dullest, we are to Jig it in Masquerade this Evening, hah.
Mayst thou be ever so to one so wretched; I will not ask thy Name, lest knowing it, (I’m such a Monster) I should ruin thee.
--Why came I off alive, that fatal Place Where I beheld my _Bellmour_, in th’embrace Of my extremely fair, and lovely Rival?
Come, let’s away, my Lyoness begins to roar.--You, _Sharp_, go seek after _Bellmour_, watch his Motions, and give us notice.
--Oh, sweet _Diana_, in whom I had plac’d my absolute Delight, And gave thee to this Villain, because I wish’d thee happy.
Talk to thee--by Fortune, I’ll play the _Tarquin_ with thee, if thou yieldest not quickly--for thou hast set me all on fire.
I am pursu’d by two impertinent Women; prithee, _Friendlove_, tell ‘em I am gone out at the Backdoor, and send ‘em away.
Now will I stay, and set her on to teaze the Dotard: wou’d I could teaze him to Death, that my Mistress might be rid of him.
Wou’d _Carlos_ knew your heart, sure he’d decline; for he has too much Honor to compel a Maid to yield that loves him not.
sure this is he indeed; I’ll step aside, lest my being seen give him an occasion of jealousy, and make him affront his Wife.
I thank you for that, i’faith, take your Don again, an you please, I’ll not be starv’d for ne’er a Don in Christendom.
Keep it from _Antonio_,--is it think you for a little silly Cit, to complain when a Don does him the Honour to visit his Lady?
Within the Territories of the _Grand Seignior_, and this a Palace of Pleasure, where he recreates himself with his Mistresses.
The next morning Lady Fulbank discovers the trick which has been played upon her and rates both her husband and lover soundly.
Except my Lady Aunt--Nay, as I am a Gentleman and the first of my Family--you shall pardon me, here--cuff me, cuff me soundly.
This last Night’s misfortune of mine, _Dick_, has kept me waking, and methought all night, I heard a kind of a silent Noise.
Alas, Sir, we thought the City was in Arms, and packt up our things to secure ‘em, if there had been a necessity for Flight.
But such a Carcase ‘twas--deliver me--so rivell’d, lean and rough--a Canvas Bag of wooden Ladles were a better Bed-fellow.
Griping as Hell--and as insatiable--worse than a Brokering Jew, not all the Twelve Tribes harbour such a damn’d Extortioner.
Made her do?--so, so--’tis done--I’m glad of that--                                                      [_Aside peeping_.
Hell shall not hold thee--nor vast Mountains cover thee, but I will find thee out--and lash thy filthy and Adulterous Carcase.
I cry your Lordship’s mercy; My Lady lies not in her Lodgings to night; The Princess sent for her, Her Highness is not well.
Am I not ty’d a Slave to follow Love, Whilst at my back Freedom and Honour waits, And I have lost the power to welcome them?
Sir, as you are pious, as you are my King, The Lover and Protector of your People, Revenge _Erminia’s_ Murder on _Alcippus_.
The Trial though will recompense the Pain, It having wisely taught us how to reign; ’.is Beauty only can our Power maintain.
I am all Rapture, Sir, at this rare Vision--is’t possible, Sir, that I may ever hope the Conversation of so divine a Beauty?
Well, Doctor, if thou canst be madder yet,   We’ll find a Medicine that shall cure your Fit,  --Better than all _Galenicus_.
_Enter_ Harlequin _riding in a Calash, comes through the Gate     towards the Stage, dress’d like a Gentleman sitting in it.
Let it wait, I am employ’d--      [_She creeps to the other side of_ Scaramouch, _who makes     Signs with his Hand to her_.
Etheredge, _The Man of Mode_ (1676), ii, II: ‘Nothing but flute doux and French hoyboys.’  p. 420 _a Curtain or Hangings_.
Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
“I came to Wyncombe to see my uncle Silas, but he will have nothing to say to me.  Chester and his mother exchanged looks.
He even drank the tea, though he made up a face and called it “slops.  “Where did you come from, sir? asked Mrs. Rand.
It occurred to him that Mr. Tripp might be intending to discharge Abel, and wished to see if he would return to his old place.
I was returning from visiting a sick parishioner when I met a man roughly dressed and of middle height, walking up the street.
Do you think I robbed your store now, Mr. Tripp?  To this question Silas Tripp did not find it convenient to make an answer.
When Mr. Fairchild comes in, show him this note from me.  “All right, sir.  Chester was rather chilled by his reception.
Arthur, this is Chester Rand, a young artist, who is assisting me.  Arthur came forward and gave Chester his hand cordially.
Arthur did not shine in scholarship, but he was fond of fun, and was a warm-hearted and pleasant companion, and a true friend.
Edward Granger, who was born in Oregon, and is three years older than myself, will go with me.  “Then I shall feel easier.
As matters stand your property would go to distant cousins, and second cousins at that, while I would be left out in the cold.
Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
Miss Frost was a handsome, vigorous young woman of about thirty years of age, with grey-white hair and gold-rimmed spectacles.
He was all the more sure, because other men of the town were in with him at this venture: sound, moneyed grocers and plumbers.
Even as a small girl she had that odd ironic tilt of the eyelids which gave her a look as if she were hanging back in mockery.
Why should I say it if I don’t.  Miss Frost would have done anything to escape the arch, bright, cruel eyes of her charge.
Instead of a wreath of orange blossom, a rather chic nurse’s bonnet of blue silk, and for a trailing veil, a blue silk fall.
Perhaps if she had seen tufts of snowdrops—it was February—and yew-hedges and cottage windows, she would have broken down.
The two loved one another, with a curious impersonal love which had not a single word to exchange: an almost after-death love.
She entered the shop, where sheets of lead and tins of paint and putty stood about, varied by sheets of glass and fancy paper.
But his eyes looked lugubrious, as if he felt he had not deserved so much bad luck, and there were bilious lines beneath them.
The sight of Mr. May’s tight and perky back, the jaunty little hat and the grey suède hands retreating quite surprised him.
With Mrs. Rollings she called at the chemist’s back door, and then they hurried through the sleet to the widow’s dwelling.
“Let us go and rehearse _this morning_, and let us do the procession this afternoon, when the colliers are just coming home.
“Ah, the animal, the animal, he wasn’t worth all my pains! cried poor Madame, sitting with one shoe off and one shoe on.
She knew Ciccio would not be able to come—he could not cycle, and it was impossible to get by train and return the same day.
And as Alvina went before him, she felt his fingers stroke the nape of her neck, and pass in a soft touch right down her back.
I loved her—she meant everything to me.  “She also dead—?  “Yes, five years ago.  They went to the drawing-room.
Only he had a sort of jealous idea that it was humiliating to be poor, and so, for vanity’s sake, he would have possessions.
“There, he cried, helpless, “look what she’s cost me! And he went off into another paroxysm, swelling like a turkey.
I won’t be insulted by you.  “No _indeed!_ cried Mr. May, starting to his feet, his eyes almost bolting from his head.
“One by one, said Geoffrey, who was a little drunk: “One by one we put them out of the field, they are _hors de combat_.
He suspects all our immoral doings, _mes braves_.  “But there aren’t any, except mine, cried Alvina, pale to the lips.
“The nurse who attends when babies are born.  “Do you know how to do that? he said, incredulous, and jeering slightly.
Manchester House and all the furniture was sold to some boot-and-shoe people: at least the boot-and-shoe people had the house.
I have to be off looking after people like you—  “Eh, tha can ta’e th’ titty-bottle wi’ thee, said the labourer.
Having volunteered for war service doesn’t prevent your being engaged to me, does it?  Alvina watched him with large eyes.
Ciccio followed, and it was he who had to sit down and fill up the form, because she did not understand the Italian questions.
It seemed to repudiate the sunshine, to remain unilluminated, long and ash-grey and dead, with streaks of snow like cerements.
There was again, the wild scramble with luggage, a general leave taking, and then the masses of people on the station at Rome.
And with the lantern he carefully, courteously showed Alvina a small track descending in the side of the bank, between bushes.
It frightened her, till Pancrazio told her it was only the copper sulphate that had sprayed the vines hitched on to the walls.
Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
That is to say, the heir or heirs of an earl shall pay 100 for the entire earl’s barony, the heir or heirs of a knight 100s.
(18) Inquests of novel disseisin, mort d’ancestor, and darrein presentment shall be taken only in their proper county court.
(24) No sheriff, constable, coroners, or other royal officials are to hold lawsuits that should be held by the royal justices.
Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
Only by such an approach will it be possible to show in what form classical theory was transmitted to the English renaissance.
The favorite cases concerned the tyranny of fathers, the debauchery of sons, the adultery of wives, and the rape of daughters.
But the concession of his own style to the habit of his age did not involve any fundamental confusion of rhetoric with poetic.
As these two kinds of literature had a common ground in diction, there was a tendency from very early times for them to merge.
Eratosthenes says that the poet directs his whole attention to the   amusement of the mind, and not at all to its instruction.
This   book makes money for the book-sellers, and passes over the sea, and   prolongs the reputation of the well-known author.
But Quintilian has less faith in the probative value of fictitious examples than he has in those drawn from authentic history.
This argument is frequently   used by rhetoricians and poets, especially Ovid; because it explains   attractively and clearly.
He gives the same threefold aims as ut probet, ut delectet, ut flectet, in the _Orator_, 69; and in the _De oratore_, II, 121.
Sidney's with a sword thou maist kill thy Father, and with a sword thou maist defende thy Prince and Country is in Quintilian.
Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
The country between Scutari and Ismid surpasses in agricultural advantages any part of Asiatic Turkey through which we passed.
He stated that he had already heard of our undertaking through the Constantinople press, and desired to make our acquaintance.
They would carry nothing, not even the food they were to eat, and were absolutely ignorant of the country we were to traverse.
His courtesy was further extended by locking up our “horses, and making us his “prisoners until the following morning.
The roofs are so flat and poorly constructed that during the rainy season a dry ceiling is rather the exception than the rule.
We saw many chromos of American celebrities in the various station-houses, and the most numerous was that of Thomas A. Edison.
His phonograph, we were told, had already made its appearance in Pishpek, but the natives did not seem to realize what it was.
We were invited to head the procession of the Cossacks on their annual departure for their summer encampment in the mountains.
Putting on his huge spectacles, he read aloud the visé written upon our American passports by the Chinese minister in London.
From the Catholic missionaries at Kuldja we had obtained very accurate information about this route as far as the Gobi desert.
Nor is there much truth, we think, in the assertion that Chinamen eat rats, although we sometimes regretted that they did not.
One was even as high as sixty years, for the reason, as was stated, that no Chinaman could raise such a beard before that age.
It was already dusk on the evening of August 10 when we drew up to the hamlet of Shang-loo-shwee at the end of the Hami oasis.
The wind, even more than the natural barrenness of the soil, prevents the growth of any vegetation except low, pliant herbage.
This, however, as it proved, was not much; most of his time was spent in taking measurements and patterns for another purpose.
Only by seizing their queues could we drag them away at all, but even then before we could mount they would renew their grasp.
Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
Agen, that was out of a Play--Hark ye, Witch of _Endor_, hold your prating Tongue, or I shall most well-favour’dly cudgel ye.
Now does my Heart begin to fail me; and yet I shall ne’er endure strangling neither; why, am not I your Lord and Master, hah?
Mr. _Bredwel_, Prentice to Sir _Cautious_, and Brother    to _Leticia_, in love with _Diana_,                     Mr. _Bowman_.
Come, come, quick, good _Francis_, adod, I’m as yare as a Hawk at the young Wanton--nimbly, good _Francis_, untruss, untruss.
Now, my _Leticia_, if thou e’er didst Love, If ever thou design’st to make me blest--Without delay fly this adulterous Bed.
Maintain her fine, undo thy Peace to please her, and still be Cuckol’d on,--believe her,--trust her, and be Cuckol’d still.
I grant it, Sir; and if I die, Sir, I bequeath my Lady to you--with my whole Estate--my Nephew has too much already for a Fool.
--His Mein and Person, but ‘bove all his Humour, That surly Pride, though even to me addrest, Does strangely well become him.
Love furnish me with powerful Arguments: Direct my Tongue, that my disorder’d Sense May speak my Passion more than Eloquence.
But thine’s a raging Fire, which never ceases Till it has quite destroy’d the goodly Edifice Where it first took beginning.
This Goodness, Sir, resembles that of Heaven, Preserving what it made, and can be paid Only with grateful Praise as we do that.
_Like them our Heat as soon abated too; Alas we could not vanquish with a Show, Much more than that goes to the conquering you.
Ay, Sir, and if at any time Nature be too infirm, and he prove Costive, he has no more to do, but apply a Load-stone _ad Anum_.
--But I detain you, Sir;--another time, Sir,--I will now only beg the Honour of a Word or two with the Governante, before I go.
Sir, I beseech you, mitigate your Grief, Although indeed we are but mortal Men, Yet we shall love you, serve you, and obey you.
_Measure for Measure_ was again profanely altered by Gildon in 1700, mutilated and helped out by ‘entertainments of music’.
As a general thing, the village people shoveled their own paths, and would regard hiring such work done as sinful extravagance.
“I will take it to New York with me, and see if I can dispose of it.  “I am afraid it won’t be of much use, Mr. Conrad.
I would like six pounds of sugar and two of butter.  “You ain’t goin’ to run a bill, be you? asked Silas, cautiously.
“His office is on West Fourteenth Street, between Seventh and Eight Avenues.  “What sort of a man is he? asked Chester.
He found a comfortable room on Twelfth Street, not far from the office, which, with board, only cost him five dollars per week.
When he was in very bad luck he pawned it for a comfortable sum, but invariably redeemed it when fortune smiled upon him again.
“I protest against this sudden discharge, said Chester, “for no fault of my own, Mr. Mullins.  “You have said enough.
“Well, yes, I heered somethin’ about him.  “Is he—sick? asked the mother, anxiously, made apprehensive by his tone.
“Yes; I was treated quite handsome by Mr. Mullins, the bookkeeper, who is runnin’ the business while Mr. Fairchild is away.
The bitterest reflection he had when sentence was pronounced was that his confederate, Mullins, had escaped and was a free man.
That is why you have succeeded so well.  “Do you ever hear from Mr. Mullins?  “No; but I know where he is.  “Where?
Miss Pinnegar had the _second_ class of girls in the Sunday School, and she took second, subservient place in Manchester House.
And at his side Miss Pinnegar quietly took orders for shirts, discussed and agreed, made measurements and received instalments.
Poor Miss Frost seemed to have lost a part of her confidence, to have taken on a new wistfulness, a new silence and remoteness.
Would there not be a return of the old, tender, sensitive, shrinking Vina—the exquisitely sensitive and nervous, loving girl?
Her father accompanied her, pointed her to the seam of yellow-flecked coal, the shale and the bind, the direction of the trend.
He took on a new boldness, his own estimate of himself rose considerably, with Miss Frost and his trained voice to justify him.
Outside difficulties multiplied on him till he abandoned his scheme—he was simply driven out of it by untoward circumstances.
He loved the flock of his busy pennies, in the shop, as if they had been divine bees bringing him sustenance from the infinite.
But the pennies he saw dribbling away in household expenses troubled him acutely, as if they were live things leaving his fold.
Curiously flat and fish-like he was, one might have imagined his backbone to be spread like the backbone of a sole or a plaice.
“I can’t understand why I dislike tapioca and arrowroot—but I do.  “That’s different, said Miss Pinnegar shortly.
Woodhouse had a cinema already: a famous Empire run-up by Jordan, the sly builder and decorator who had got on so surprisingly.
But didn’t you know a fortnight ago that you’d want the fixings?  “I thought we should have some as would do.  “Oh!
One of the young men had gone out to get her some brandy, and he had come back with half-a-dozen large bottles of Bass as well.
“And that is Géoffroi—Geoffrey— Geoffrey made his bow—a broad-shouldered, watchful, taciturn man from Alpine France.
A flash and a splash and he saw the humped back of what was probably Ciccio going by at a great pace on the low racing machine.
Thou’rt going to Italy?  “Who knows!—seems so.  “I’d like to go back.  “Eh alors! Ciccio half veered round.
“Ask Ciccio to come out to us, and we will go and drink coffee at the Geisha Restaurant—or tea or something, said Madame.
Madame was in her little black hat and her black spotted veil, Ciccio in a black overcoat was closing the yard door behind her.
“Do you mind if I go to speak to Mrs. Rollings—  “Oh no—go along, said Madame, and Mr. May skipped out in a temper.
“Then perhaps you have nothing.  “Oh, I think it’s quite safe, don’t you—?  “Yes—maybe—since it is England.
“And so good-night, Allaye—bonne nuit, fille des Tawara. Madame kissed her, and darted black, unaccountable looks at her.
And Ciccio never looked at her, only showed her the half-averted side of his cheek, on which was a slightly jeering, ugly look.
She nodded in answer to their salutation, but so obviously from a distance, that they kept turning round to eye her and Ciccio.
I can’t _imagine_ that I’m going to have a child— She lowered her eyelids wearily and sardonically over her large eyes.
At a branch-road the ’bus suddenly stopped, and there it sat calmly in the road beside an icy brook, in the falling twilight.
Ciccio came and said to her:  “They want to know if we will stay the night here.  “I would rather go on home, she said.
You see I have no woman to care for it—  Alvina glanced round the cave of a room, at the rough fellows in their black hats.
And then, a little below, another newish, modern house in a sort of wild meadow, inhabited by the peasants who worked the land.
(33) All fish-weirs shall be removed from the Thames, the Medway, and throughout the whole of England, except on the sea coast.
The first ninety-eight lines cover the fundamental considerations which the poet must have in mind before he starts to compose.
In his treatment of characters and plot, however, Horace places his emphasis on character, while Aristotle had emphasized plot.
Both the poet and the orator, he says, use the same methods of ornament,[92] and the orator uses almost the language of poetry.
As time went on, the over-refinement and literary sophistication of the florid school of oratory became more and more powerful.
A brief survey of the English rhetorics of the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries will show that this was the case.
If I should undertake to wryte in prayse of a gentlewoman, I would neither praise her christal eye, nor her cherrie lippe, etc.
Jonson's own methods of comparison, as related to Drummond, would bear this out: That he wrote all his (verses) first in prose.
Both Aristotle and Horace emphasized the pleasure to be derived from poetry, although neither denied that poetry is beneficial.
And that _mooving_ is of a higher degree than _teaching_, it may by this   appeare, that it is well nigh the cause of teaching.
It was in the company of one of these military champions that we emerged on the morning of April 12 upon the plateau of Angora.
“Nimkin deyil (“It is impossible), we explained, in such a jam; and the crowd opened up three or four feet ahead of us.
The sound of tramping feet, the beating of a bass drum, and the whining tones of a Turkish bagpipe, came over the midnight air.
Then the owner of the house came in, and in an agitated manner declared he could not allow us to remain in his house overnight.
Nothing would do but we must visit the Vali, the civil governor, who was also a pasha of considerable reputation and influence.
The Tatar village of Arghuri and a Kurdish encampment on the northeast slope were entirely destroyed by the precipitated rocks.
We could also look far out over the Sardarbulakh ridge, which connects the two Ararats, and on which the Cossacks are encamped.
“It is hard; we must take it slowly, he would say (in German) whenever our impatience would get the better of our prudence.
On this very spot a company was ordered to despatch him with a volley; but when the smoke cleared away, Bab was not to be seen.
This reached the ears of the Shah some time after his return home; and a summons was sent for the accused to repair to Teheran.
Finally we moved on, walking side by side with the lantern-bearing leader, who ran ahead now and then to make sure of the road.
Its keeper evinced unusual pride in the cleanliness of his apartments, for we were asked to take off our shoes before entering.
In one instance a cure was supposed to be effected by writing a prayer on a piece of buttered bread to be eaten by the patient.
After their curiosity regarding us had been partly satisfied, it was suggested that a sheep should be slaughtered in our honor.
But this disposition to share everything was not without its other aspect; we also were expected to share everything with them.
A visit to the local mint in Urumtsi revealed to us the primitive method of making the _chen_, or money-disks before mentioned.
Again Mr. Redfern feared some outbreak, and counseled us to return to the city and apply to the viceroy himself for protection.
But now, my Friend, I’d have you take your leave; the day comes on apace, and you’ve not seen your Uncle since your Arrival.
But I hope in the Lord, Mrs. _Flauntit_, yours is no such Man; I never saw him, but I have heard he’s under decent Correction.
A thing which every sensual Animal Can do as well as we--but prithee tell me, Is there nought else between the nobler Creatures?
She cries Whore first, brings him upon his Knees for her Fault; and a piece of Plate, or a new Petticoat, makes his Peace again.
And would you do it home and handsomly, and have a good occasion of being disengaged from her, and make her self the instrument?
What a misfortune it was, that I should not know this before, but shou’d discover my want of so necessary a piece of Grandeur.
Last Night when I with all Love’s Rhetorick pleaded, And Heaven knows what last Night might have produced, You were engag’d!
But let her go, so I may never see that dreadful Vision --harkye, Sir--a word in your Ear--have a care of marrying a young Wife.
My Heart and Wishes are the same they were, But Time has quite depriv’d me of that power That should assist a happy Conqueror.
Yes, I have seen you, and think you are _Cleontius_, A Servant of the Prince’s; wert i’th’ Campania too, If I mistake not.
_Draws off, a Chamber, discovers_ Erminia _in a dishabit, sitting;     to her_ Philander, _who falls at her feet, on his knees_.
--If I had done’t, The Gods who take the part of Innocence, Had been reveng’d-- Why did not Thunder strike me in the Action?
An opera by Settle, entitled _The World in the Moon_, put on at Drury Lane in 1697, is quite different from Mrs. Behn’s farce.
_talks to the_ Doctor, _he takes the Letters by degrees     out of his Pocket, and unseen, given ‘em_ Bellemante _behind him_.
I am resolv’d to take the first good Offer, though but in revenge of _Harlequin_ and _Scaramouch_, for putting Tricks upon me.
Downes gives Mohun as Iago; Hart, Cassio; Cartwright, Brabantio; Beeston, Roderigo; Mrs. Hughes, Desdemona; Mrs. Rutter, Emilia.
From the common old belief that an attendant demon waited on warlocks and witches in the shape of a fly, or some similar insect.
Dryden and Lee’s _The Duke of Guise_ (1682), Act v, where after four or five sets ‘the scene draws, behind it a traverse’.
I’ll have mighty hard work to make both ends meet.  This struck Chester as ludicrous, but he did not feel inclined to laugh.
You can study them at your leisure, and if any happy thoughts or brilliant ideas come to you, dash them off and send them to me.
They are worth very little now, but some time they may be of value.  “To whom do you wish to give them? asked Mr. Gardner.
He’s a telegraph boy, and I’m a widow, wid only me bye to help me.  “I have nothing to do with the sickness of your son.
I made no excuse, but handed Mr. Mullins the amount in full.  “There is a very extraordinary discrepancy in your statements.
“This picture—is one of mine.  “You don’t mean it! exclaimed the man from Minneapolis, dropping his pen in surprise.
I haven’t done much work lately, and am hard up.  Chester took half a dollar from his pocket and handed it to the elder man.
He has a new and better place.  “You don’t say! ejaculated Mr. Tripp, surprised and, it must be confessed, disappointed.
Lots are rising there, and are destined to go to a still higher point.  “How do you account for that? asked Prof. Hazlitt.
I will not permit him, hereafter, to separate me from my son.  “If you wish me to remain, mother, I will, rejoined Edward.
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the United States.
In the year after Klondyke he became an old man, he seemed to have lost all his feathers, he acquired a plucked, tottering look.
She liked their arm round her waist, the kisses as she reached back her face, straining away, the sometimes desperate struggles.
A fully-qualified maternity nurse, she was going to bring all the babies of the district easily and triumphantly into the world.
And thinking about it, became so indignant at the thought that he pulled his scattered energies together within his frail frame.
But she lingered in the background, and as Arthur Witham was going she heard him say: “Well, I’ll work it out, Mr. Houghton.
“I don’t know if I’m presuming— he said, in a mock deferential way that showed he didn’t imagine he _could_ presume.
With both his hands he pressed her hand down over his wounded leg, pressed it with all his might, as if her hand were a plaster.
But James, fascinated by raking in the money so fast, could not be shifted from the pay-box, and the two men nearly had a fight.
For although Mr. May was rather fond, in an epicurean way, of his own body, yet other people’s bodies rather made him shudder.
Of cauce you quite _like_ the individual, you remain quite nice with them, and so on,—to keep the thing as decent as possible.
She laughed when she knew that all the Woodhouse youths recognized her, and looked on her as one of their inferior entertainers.
A strange sight he was in Woodhouse, on a sunny morning; a shabby-looking bit of riff-raff of the East, rather down at the heel.
Miss Pinnegar was always like a douche of cold water to Alvina, bringing her back to consciousness after a delicious excitement.
If they had been beaten, they would have lost all their practical ideas and troubles, merely forgot them, and been happy enough.
Madame stopped as if shot, hearing his words: “I am still alive, Madame. She remained suspended motionless, suddenly wilted.
It would be two rooms, or even one room, in another house with many people not quite clean, you see—  Alvina shook her head.
It would be worth over a thousand francs, because I believe it is quite genuine.  “I’m sure it’s genuine, said Alvina.
“I like him.  “Oh—for shame! cried Miss Pinnegar, lifting her hand with Miss Frost’s helpless, involuntary movement.
“No, he said, “because, you see—hé, there is nothing to do—no money—work—work—work—no life—you see nothing.
How lost, when you are at home? said Geoffrey, making large eyes and looking hither and thither as if _he_ had lost something.
On the landing Alvina gave them the pillow and the candle, smiled, bade them good-night in a whisper, and went downstairs again.
And she was given a pleasant room in a hospital in a garden, and the matron was charming to her, and the doctors most courteous.
So there she was—by afternoon installed in her pleasant little room looking on the garden, and dressed in a nurse’s uniform.
She had many a cup of tea and many a chat in the matron’s room, in the quiet, sunny afternoons when the work was not pressing.
It was the tradesmen and professionals who had started at the bottom and clambered to the motor-car footing, who distressed him.
Very charming she looked, in her fresh dress and cap and soft brown hair, very attractive her figure, with its full, soft loins.
On the first of September Dr. Mitchell was round at the hospital early, when Alvina was just beginning her morning duties there.
“Doesn’t he put his _bowels_ into it—? she said, laying her hand on her own full figure, and rolling her eyes mockingly.
And again came the sudden complaint:  Ma nun me lasciar’—   “Ma nun me lasciar’—! she murmured, repeating the music.
At last they ran up between buildings nipped between high rock-faces, and out into a little market-place, the crown of the pass.
This morning Pancrazio and Giovanni had gone off somewhere, Alvina and Ciccio were alone on the place, stripping the last maize.
It was a Sunday morning just before Christmas when Alvina and Ciccio and Pancrazio set off for Pescocalascio for the first time.
Ciccio inside the shop had risen, but he was still turning to his neighbour and was talking with all his hands and all his body.
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the United States.
The Foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country other than the United States.
Literature--the spoken and the written word--was divided by the classical critics into philosophy, history, oratory, and poetry.
In our day we consider as figures of speech only the classical tropes, and indeed Aristotle pays little attention to the others.
His whole-hearted disgust with the stylistic extremes of rhetoric he shows by denying to oratory any aim of pleasing and moving.
It is especially to be used, says Sidney, by a lover to persuade his mistress, urging her to yield while yet her beauty endures.
It was to save the poets from such attacks that Aristotle asserts that poetry deals with the universal, not with the particular.
She found him surrounded by the friends of his youth, the Muses, who now were inspiring him to write dreary verses of complaint.
He based moral education on example, and expurgated any element which he thought might have a pernicious effect on young people.
We frequently met them at work in groups about the villages or in the open fields, and would sometimes ask for a drink of water.
It was with no little concern, therefore, that we approached the Vali’s private office in company with his French interpreter.
And this extreme fanaticism is to be found in a country noted for its extensive latitude in the profession of religious beliefs.
The station-houses on the desert were nothing more than a collection of mud huts near a surface well of strongly brackish water.
I am too young, you think, to hear a Secret; Can I want Sense to pity your Misfortunes, Or Passion to incite me to revenge ‘em?
Alas, Sir, easily--he, poor Cully, thinks her a very Saint--but when he’s out of the way, she comes to me to pleasure a Friend.
you deserve to die, for your base Designs upon a Maid of her Quality--How durst you, Sister, without my leave, marry that Rascal?
But should we be unthrifty in our Loves, And for one Moment’s joy give all away, And be hereafter damn’d to pine at distance?
Only the Cuckold of the house, that’s all;--my name, Sir, is _Francisco_; but you, perhaps, are better acquainted with my Wife.
Where only thou and I can find an entrance; These dull, these necessary delays of ours Have drawn my Love to an impatient height.
Hold, mighty Emperor; as I hope to be saved, ‘tis but a copy of her Countenance--inhuman Wife--lead her to your Apartment, Sir!
Harry Bellmour, having killed his man in a duel, flies to Brussels, perforce leaving behind him Leticia, to whom he is affianced.
‘Tis so, I’ll go and commit the Theft, whilst you prepare to carry it, and then we’ll to dinner with your Sister the Bride.
Mum--no words on’t, unless you’ll have the Ghost about your Ears; part with your Wife, I say, or else the Devil will part ye.
Yet Time has added little to your years, Since I restor’d you to this great Command, And then you thought it not unfit for you.
Orgulius_ still design’d him for _Erminia_; And if the Prince be disoblig’d from this, He only ought to take it ill from him.
He knew you would not suffer it to burn out; And therefore waited till his services Might give encouragement to’s close design.
Ah, Coward, how these words have made thee pale, And Fear above thy Courage does prevail: Ye Gods, why did you such a way invent?
Railly with him, Sir, ‘tis your only way, and put it Off with a jest; for he’s in fury, but dares not Strike i’th’ Court.
But yet, as tributary Kings, we own It is by you that we possess that Throne, Where had we Victors been, we’ad reign’d alone.
Although grown old in the playhouse service, and having often appeared on the boards, he has never had a line given him to speak.
A statement which neither disposes of nor invalidates Ousley’s claim based, as this is, upon such strong and definite evidence.
“It took Hannah twice as long, and she didn’t do it as well.  “It isn’t the kind of work for ladies, replied Chester.
He listened eagerly to his stories of the great city, and felt that life must be much better worth living there than in Wyncombe.
Well, it is the country boys that make the most successful men.  “How do you account for that, Herbert? asked the minister.
“You haven’t been a rolling stone, Mr. Tripp.  “No; I’ve stuck to the store year in and year out for thirty-five years.
“There’s suthin’ very mysterious about that five-dollar bill.  “I’ve got another, Mr. Tripp, said Chester, smiling.
It was opened to him by a woman of forty, who had a babe in her arms, while another—a little girl—was holding onto her dress.
Chester sat in a low rocking-chair and Ernest seated himself in his lap, touching his face and hair softly with a caressing hand.
Of course, I miss you very much, but it cheers me to think you are doing well, and are happy, with good prospects for the future.
“He has been trying to induce Miss Dolby to leave me and take board with him, offering to take her for two dollars a week less.
You see, therefore, that neither you nor I need borrow any trouble on this point!  This letter relieved Chester of all anxiety.
I won’t wait to write, but will telegraph my friend in Portland to go there at once at my expense, and buy five—no, ten lots.
“Why didn’t you stay in the country, where you had a comfortable home?  “In the poorhouse, murmured the old man, sadly.
“Well, did you pass the evening with that cowboy from Minneapolis?  “I spent the evening with Mr. Perkins.  “Of course!
His compassion was stirred as he felt for Radcliff’s humiliation in being obliged to make such an appeal to a boy like himself.
“In three months the Northern Pacific Railroad will be completed, and that will give a great impetus to the growth of the town.
Your mother’s life and your interests both are in peril.  “And the worst of it is that I am helpless, said Edward, sadly.
“You have been over the ground once before.  “Yes; but part of it was during the night, It is pleasant to see it once more.
Here, take some lemon soda, or I’ll mix you a glass of lemonade.  “Well, if I must, said Floyd, in a tone of resignation.
Miss Frost tried and tried to wake again the girl’s loving heart—which loving heart was certainly not occupied by _that man_.
She appealed in her old, childish way to Miss Frost, and Miss Frost called her “Dear! with all the old protective gentleness.
So I went back till he’d gone.  Miss Pinnegar looked at her in displeasure:  “I suppose you know your own mind, she said.
After all he had taken the virtue from her, he might have the grace to say thank you, and treat her as if she were a human being.
But the policeman continued to stare him up and down, as if he were some marvellous specimen unknown on the normal, honest earth.
Didn’t we have some on Tuesday?  “No, they were yellow turnips—but they weren’t Swedes.  “Well then, yellow turnip.
Her father had produced a pink crêpe de Chine blouse and a back-comb massed with brilliants—both of which she refused to wear.
Good-night!  After which valediction she slowly climbed the stairs, putting her hand on her knee at each step, with the effort.
“Frenchwomen—Frenchwomen—they have their babies till they are a hundred—  “What do you mean? said Alvina, laughing.
Madame, with her long dark hair hanging in finely-brushed tresses, her cheek burning under its dusky stain, was another creature.
He was quick and sure, much more capable, and even masterful, than you would have supposed, seeing his tawny Mediterranean hands.
From being a lofty creature soaring over her head, he was now like a big fish poking its nose above water and making eyes at her.
The matron was a woman of family, who somehow managed, in her big, white, frilled cap, to be distinguished like an abbess of old.
It was curious to be in Battersea, in this English-Italian household, where the children spoke English more readily than Italian.
And they all tramped along towards the blue shadow of the closing-in mountains, leaving the peaks of the town behind on the left.
Then Pancrazio decreed that Maria should prepare macaroni with the tomato sauce, and thick vegetable soup, and sometimes polenta.
She watched the films of the leaves come off from the burning gold maize cob under his fingers, the long, ruddy cone of fruition.
(30) No sheriff, royal official, or other person shall take horses or carts for transport from any free man, without his consent.
(31) Neither we nor any royal official will take wood for our castle, or for any other purpose, without the consent of the owner.
The epic poet should diligently strive to attain the second   and third, and may learn how to do it from the masters of rhetoric.
Thomas Wilson, in his _Arte of Rhetorique_, gives a Theophrastian character sketch as an illustration of the figure _descriptio_.
It is only in Sidney's _Defense_ (c. 1583) and that of his follower Harington that theories of the nature of poetry are included.
The following section of this historical study will be devoted to tracing the substitution of the second assertion for the first.
Moral Improvement through Precept and Example   The ancients believed that great poetry produces moral improvement in the reader.
Euripides he accuses of softening the moral fibre of the Athenians by introducing on the stage immoral plots and love-sick women.
Other poetry is moral in its effect, and consequently should be utilized extensively by the school-master in educating young men.
Furthermore, according to this scholastic view, the three arts differed only as they utilized different means to attain this end.
In April they were almost impassable for the wheel, so that for the greater part of the way we were obliged to take to the track.
The plain we were now on was drained by a tributary of the Aras River, a small stream reached after two hours’ steady tramping.
We noticed that every one about us was armed with knife, revolver, and Martini rifle, a belt of cartridges surrounding his waist.
After our walk of nineteen miles, in which we had ascended from 3000 to 7000 feet, we were in fit condition to appreciate a rest.
Melons, too, the finest we have ever seen in any land, frequently obviated the necessity of drinking the strongly brackish water.
Vernoye, the old Almati, with its broad streets, low wood and brick houses, and Russian sign-boards, presented a Siberian aspect.
Our money now constituted the principal part of our luggage, which, with camera and film, weighed just twenty-five pounds apiece.
We stood unnoticed till the end, when we were at once invited to a cup of tea, and directed to our destination, five _li_ beyond.
Mount your ponies, and we will ride into the city together.    [Illustration: RIDING BY THE GREAT WALL ON THE ROAD TO SU-CHOU.]
Sirrah, you are my Slave--at least your whole Estate is at my mercy--and besides, I’ll charge you with an Action of 5000 pounds.
e’en keep her to your self then, I’ll have no more of her, by Fortune--I humbly thank you for your Intelligence, and the rest.
Sir, I’m an angry Boy-- But yet can bear much from a Brother’s Mouth; Y’ave lost your sleep: pray, Sir, go home and seek it.
For my Wife’s sake--what if I shou’d pistol him now;--and I am damnably provok’d to’t, had I but Courage to shoot off one.
Faith, I’ll trust to Fortune, for once--here--take her and rid me of one Plague, as you, I thank you, Sir, have done of another.
_Diana_, Daughter to Sir _Feeble_, in love with Bredwel;    virtuous,                                            Mrs. _Mountford_.
Your damn’d little Jade of a Mistress has learned of her Neighbours the Art of Swearing and Lying in abundance, and is--  _Bel_.
I have known some industrious Footmen, that have not only gotten their own Livings, but a pretty Livelihood for their Masters too.
_After a Knocking, enter_ Bredwel _in his masking Habit, with     his Vizard in the one Hand, and a Light in t’other, in haste_.
A Cuckold as well as my self, Sir; and I’ll sue you for _Scandalum Magnatum_; I shall recover swinging Damages with a City-Jury.
I long to be resolv’d where ‘twas Sir _Feeble_ was last night--if it were he--by which I might find out my invisible Mistress.
_The Forc’d Marriage; or, The Jealous Bridegroom_ is the earliest, and most certainly one of the weakest of Mrs. Behn’s plays.
Oh, when you name the Princess and _Philander_, Such different Passions do at once possess me, As sink my over-laden Soul to Hell.
All repair to an ancient gallery, long disused, whence the sound proceeds, and here, indeed, a pageant has been secretly arranged.
_All this while_ Harlequin     _was hid in the Hedges, peeping now and then, and when his     Master went out he was left behind_.
It is resolv’d, I’ll hang my self--No, when did I ever hear of a Hero that hang’d him self?--No, ‘tis the Death of Rogues.
I hope not so; I left _Charmante_ confin’d to my Closet, when my Uncle had like to have surpriz’d us together: Is he not here?
You dream still, Sirrah, but I shall wake your Rogueship.--Were you not here but now, shewing me a piece of Tapestry, you Villain?
I beg your Pardon, Sir, I am a little in Drink I confess--a little blind and mad--Sir, --This must be the Devil, that’s certain.
My Father, in all the rest of his Discourse shows so much Sense and Reason, I cannot think him mad, but feigns all this to try us.
Mrs. Behn refers to Act ii, I, and Act iii, I. Hart acted Amintor; Mohun, Melantius; Wintershall, the King; Mrs. Marshall, Evadne.
There is a novel by George Fidge entitled _The English Gusman; or, The History of that Unparalleled Thief James Hind_ (1652, 4to).
Who says it was my handkerchief?  “Your name was on it—in one corner; I seed it myself.  Then a light dawned upon Chester.
His attention was drawn from the scenery by the passage of a train boy through the cars with a bundle of new magazines and papers.
I shall have a share in the great city, and mingle in its scenes every day.  Rob was used to the city, and took matters quietly.
What do you think I had better do?  “Come round to-morrow, but don’t show the receipt unless Mr. Fairchild is in the office.
“I may be misinformed, but I learned from a friend of yours that you were coming here with an intention of locating in our city.
“I offered to sell him a house, but he doesn’t care to locate in New York.  Things went on as usual for the rest of the day.
“Because he has given me what I want.  “I was a famous artist before he was born.  “Very likely, and had done good work.
“Yes.  “In the same business?  “No; I am in the office of a weekly paper.  “Oh! said the bookkeeper, disdainfully.
We have inquiries as to three of those lots as a     location for a new hotel, which it is proposed to erect at an early     date.
“Yours respectfully,      “DEAN & DOWNIE,     “Real Estate Agents.   “Why shouldn’t I go to Tacoma? thought Chester.
The old “County has fled from the sight of so much disembowelled coal, to flourish on mineral rights in regions still idyllic.
For the long bear-fur, wet with sleet, seemed like a _chevaux de frise_ of long porcupine quills round her fore-arms and her neck.
I have thought a lot about it.  So Alvina packed up his ring and his letters and little presents, and posted them over the seas.
Miss Pinnegar wasn’t competent and masterful like Miss Frost: she was ordinary and uninspired, with quiet, unobserved movements.
“I’ve sent for the doctor, said Alvina, in her cool voice, wherein none the less there rang the old hesitancy of sheer love.
All the time imagining Albert a taller, finer Arthur, she had abstained from actually fixing her mind upon this latter little man.
But fortunately he was not a pushing constable, he did not want to rise in the police-scale: thought himself safest at the bottom.
“A Frenchman is a little man when he’s seven years old—and if his mother comes, he is a little baby boy when he’s seventy.
He followed her out of the room, walking with his head rather forward, in the half loutish, sensual-subjected way of the Italians.
But which is father’s better nature?  “You may not know it, said Miss Pinnegar coldly, “and if so, I can never tell you.
The theatre faction, including Mr. May and some of the more florid tradesmen, favoured the risking of everything in the Endeavour.
It might, of course, realize much more, when sold—or it might realize less.  “How awful! said Alvina, her courage sinking.
“In that case, he said, “we must proceed with the valuation and the preparation for the sale.  “Yes, she said faintly.
So if you and Miss Pinnegar will put your possessions strictly apart—But I shall see Miss Pinnegar during the course of the day.
There was of course a great deal to do, for she had work both in the hospital and out in the town, though chiefly out in the town.
“Oh, he’s good-hearted, nurse, he _does_ feel for you.  And everywhere it was the same: “Oh, he’s got a heart, you know.
It was a pleasant room indeed, with roses outside the French door, and a lawn in sunshine beyond, with bright red flowers in beds.
In the end, she had to leave him and rouse Tommy first: who in rousing fell off the sofa with a crash which woke him disagreeably.
There was sun in the sky now, and white clouds, in the sort of hollow sky-dome above the grey earth with its horizon walls of fog.
Seated on the settle before the fire, the hard, greasy settle, Alvina could indeed keep the fire going, with faggots of green oak.
It was almost night before they had got the ass untackled from the shafts, at the wild lonely house where Pancrazio left the cart.
She may remain in her husband’s house for forty days after his death, and within this period her dower shall be assigned to her.
(49) We will at once return all hostages and charters delivered up to us by Englishmen as security for peace or for loyal service.
We will appoint as justices, constables, sheriffs, or bailiffs only such as know the law of the realm and mean to observe it well.
We will appoint as justices, constables, sheriffs, or bailiffs only such as know the law of the realm and mean to observe it well.
We will immediately restore all hostages and charters delivered to us by Englishmen, as sureties of the peace of faithful service.
While poetry is based on imitations ... it does not resign the likeness of the truth, since the charm of imitation is probability.
The obsession of style is well exemplified by a comparison of Dionysius and Longinus in their discussion of Sappho's literary art.
It includes a list of fifty-seven figures of speech (_colores verborum_) and eighteen figures of thought (_colores sententiarum_).
In the _Anticlaudianus_ of Alanus de Insulis, Rhetoric is represented as painting and gilding the pole of the Chariot of Prudence.
At any rate, his Disposicion is like the classical _dispositio_ only in name, and again it is transferred from rhetoric to poetic.
Of Cicero's threefold purpose, to teach, to please, and to move, he retains only teaching as pertinent to effective public speech.
This was derived from a Hebrew translation from the Arabic of Averroes, who, in turn, knew only a Syriac translation of the Greek.
Varieties of character in an audience depend upon its passions, its virtues and vices, its age or youth, and its position in life.
The boys were supposed to study certain types of persons and then write character sketches to show their sharpness of observation.
Poetic they thought characterized by narrative or dramatic structure or movement, and by vividness of realization, and by passion.
With the recovery of classical literature and literary criticism, the new theories were interpreted in the light of the old ideas.
Opposed as it was to pagan morals and theology, the church could honestly retain classical literature only if it were allegorized.
From Icarus we should learn that every man should not meddle with things above his compass, and from Midas, to avoid covetousness.
Who readeth _Æneas_ carrying olde _Anchises_ on his back, that wisheth not it were his fortune to perfourme so excellent an acte?
That would settle it, they thought; it never occurred to them that a “Christian gentleman could take off his clothes and wade.
He was evidently an autocrat of the severest type; if we pleased him, it would be all right; if we did not, it would be all wrong.
On the morrow we learned that the spirits of Hassan and Hussein were seen skimming the earth in their flight toward the Holy City.
Kuchan, our next stopping-place, lies on the almost imperceptible watershed which separates the Herat valley from the Caspian Sea.
The straw-heated _kangs_ would soon cool off, and leave us half the night with only our thin sleeping-bags to ward off rheumatism.
While we were waiting for the viceroy, his second son, the pupil of Mr. Tenney, came in and was introduced in the foreign fashion.
We all stood to show our respect for the prime minister whom General Grant included among the three greatest statesmen of his day.
We stood before a man who appeared to be over six feet in height, although his head and shoulders were considerably bent with age.
We said that inasmuch as China had not yet adopted the bicycle, her roads, of course, were not adapted to that mode of locomotion.
‘Tis Death to part with thee, my fair Celinda; But our hard Fates impose this Separation: --Farewel--Remember thou’rt all mine.
I’ll ne’er demand the cause of this disorder, But take this opportunity to fly To the next hands will take me up--who’s here?
Of that I would be better satisfied--and you too must assist me, as e’er you hope I should be kind to you in gaining you _Diana_.
what, do you think to fright me with my Husband?-- I’d have you to know I’m an honest Woman, and care not this--for my Husband.
Well--you have no money in your Pocket now, I’ll warrant you-- here--here’s ten Shillings for you old _Greg’ry_ knows not of.
Mad, stark mad--no, now I’m up ‘tis no matter--pray ease your troubled Mind--I am your Friend--out with it--what, was it acted?
I shall grow angry, and believe your Pride Would put the guilt off on your Modesty, Which would refuse what that believes below it.
I never heard of any that were so, For though the will to do’t, and power they want, They love to hear of what they cannot grant.
I fell asleep i’th’ Lobby, Sir, and had not waken’d Yet, but for the Musick which plays at the Lodgings Of my Lady _Erminia_.
The first, good faith, _Pisaro_; thou’rt so fearful-- You shall to th’.amp before, And I’ll be with you early in the Morning.
On 3 September, 1708, at Drury Lane, Bullock was Scaramouch; Bickerstaffe, Harlequin; Johnson, the old Doctor; Powell, Don Cinthio.
What woful Ditty-making Mortal’s this, That e’er the Lark her early Note has sung, Does doleful Love beneath my Casement thrum?
Now, Sir, behold the Globick World descends two thousand Leagues below its wonted Station, to shew Obedience to its proper Monarch.
M. Quicherat informs us that a pretty Parisienne, the wife of a _maître de comptes_ named Belot, was the first who appeared in it.
A ‘grison’ is a servant employed on some private business and so dressed in gray (gris) or a dark colour not to attract notice.
“What’s wanted, Silas? he asked, for in country villages neighbors are very apt to call one another by their Christian names.
“Write your name on a card, said the clerk, “and I will send it up.  “The gentleman won’t know my name, said Chester.
“I have no doubt you loitered, wasting your employer’s time.  “That isn’t true, Mr. Mullins, said Chester, indignantly.
I ain’t sure that I could afford it myself.  Mr. Tripp decided to offer Chester his old place at two dollars and a half a week.
Mullins heard the slight exclamation and turned his head in the direction of the sofa on which Chester and his friend were sitting.
Here are three packages filled with green paper.  “Yes, said Sharpleigh, “the bank teller was acting under my instructions.
He has sold his other two lots in Tacoma for five thousand dollars each, and still has the cheaper lots he bought as an investment.
He himself could not bear any more to put the heavy, pock-holed black cloth coat, with wild bear cuffs and collar, on to the stand.
Dame Fortune, who had refused to be taken by fine fabrics and fancy trimmings, was just as reluctant to be captured by ready-mades.
Birkenhead, for boys’ sailor caps—everything that nobody wanted, did the women turn over and over, till they chanced on a find.
Sometimes, however, she would have fits of boisterous hilarity, not quite natural, with a strange note half pathetic, half jeering.
After all, they all knew her as _Miss_ Houghton, with a stress on the _Miss_, and they could not conceive of her as Nurse Houghton.
A stream they were—yet they seemed to her to loom like strange, valid figures of fairy-lore, unrealized and as yet unexperienced.
And now he had a motor car, and looked at the tottering James with sardonic contempt, from under his heavy, heavy-lidded dark eyes.
An unspoiled market.  “An unspoiled market! reiterated Mr. May, in full confirmation, though with a faint flicker of a smile.
“C’est le premier pas qui coute, he said, in a sort of American French, as he locked the doors and put the key in his pocket.
He swept his table clear, and then, in an expert fashion, he seized handfuls of coin and piled them in little columns on his board.
“I didn’t catch your name. Madame’s voice was a little plaintive and plangent now, like a bronze reed mournfully vibrating.
Then you are not of the lower class, you are of the higher class, the class of the masters, such as employ Ciccio and men like him.
You can’t make as free as all that with the house, you know, be it what it may—  She stood red-faced and dour in the doorway.
“Marasca Giovanni, he wrote, and under that “Califano Maria.  She looked at the four names, in the graceful Italian script.
And now perhaps I may be allowed to live a little more for myself. He beamed with real luxury, saw the real luxury of life begin.
You’re not going on anywhere tonight, are you?  “It is too late.  “Well now, let’s turn into the hotel and have a talk.
And Mrs. Califano was very nice to her, very gentle, though with a suspicion of malicious triumph, mockery, beneath her gentleness.
It seems as if every country has its potent negative centres, localities which savagely and triumphantly refuse our living culture.
“Only the war.  “Ha! and the Italian gesture of half-bitter “what can one do?  They were talking war—all talking war.
When she thought of the insides of the native people she shuddered with repulsion, as in the great, degraded church of Casa Latina.
(16) No man shall be forced to perform more service for a knight’s ‘fee’, or other free holding of land, than is due from it.
He is only insisting that imitation in unmetrical language is still poetry; that meter is not the characteristic element of poetic.
Two points, however, are of importance to treat here: his theory of poetical imitation, and his comparison of poetry with painting.
Subject Matter   If then the purpose of classical rhetoric was to come as near persuasion as it could, what was its subject matter?
What has been said about Gascoigne applies almost equally well to the _Schort Treatise_ (1584) of James VI which was modeled on it.
Lydgate's _Falls of Princes_ is an especially great poem,    A good ensample for us to dispyse   This worlde, so ful of mutabilyte.
His treatment of poetry is quite naturally, then, that of a rhetorician who had been reared in the mediaeval tradition of allegory.
The language, Ascham says, is good and worthy of imitation; but the master must choose only such passages as contain honest matter.
The great length of the Angora fleece, which sometimes reaches eight inches, is due solely to the peculiar climate of the locality.
“Bin bocale (“Ride, so that we can see), they shouted again; and some of them rushed up to hold our steeds for us to mount.
They followed us, _en masse_, to the edge of the village, and there stopped short, to watch us till we disappeared in the darkness.
It was always our custom, especially on diplomatic occasions, to have a little flag of the country associated with that of our own.
Nor did we see any evidence whatever of a former existing crater, except perhaps the snow-filled depression we have just mentioned.
At one time they opened up beneath us, and revealed the Aras valley with its glittering ribbon of silver at an abysmal depth below.
For this purpose we were permitted to overhaul the various piles of letters strewn over the dirty floor of the distributing-office.
By some mischance we had run by the village where we intended to stop for the night, which was situated some distance off the road.
When our nickel-plated bars and white helmets flashed in the lantern-light, there was a shriek, and the lantern fell to the ground.
By a single twist of the rein the steeds would fall to the ground, and their riders crouch down behind them as a bulwark in battle.
There we sat through the evening twilight, while the crowd below, somewhat balked, but not discouraged, stood taking in every move.
A surplus is not always so easily disposed of as a deficit—at least we were inclined to think so in the case of our Su-chou diet.
So far, in our dealings with the Chinese, we had never objected to anything that was reasonable even from the native point of view.
_Enter Lord_ Plotwell, Bellmour _leading in_ Diana, _follow’d by     _Charles Bellmour, Phillis, _and other Ladies and Gentlemen_.
I have heard of two Women that married each other--oh abominable, as if there were so prodigious a scarcity of Christian Mans Flesh.
E’en honest Invention, Sir, good Faith, listen and believe:--When he goes, he certainly goes by Sea, to save the charges of Mules.
Oh, that’s some dreadful thing, I’ll warrant,-- Gracious Great Turk, for Mahomet’s sake, excuse me; alas, I’ve lost my wits.
No, thou hast made an absolute Conquest o’er me--and if that Beauty tempt me every hour, I shall still be the same I was the last.
--Faith, _Charles_, you lie--you are as welcome to me now, Now when I doubt thy Fortune is declining, As if the Universe were thine.
You are my Lady, and the best of Mistresses-- Therefore I would not grieve you, for I know You love this best--but most unhappy Man.
Wou’d this Wine might ne’er go through me, if I wou’d not go, as they say, through Fire and Water--by Night or by Day for you.
being damnably in love--I feign’d a Letter as from the _Hague_, wherein was a Relation of this same _Bellmour’s_ being hang’d.
Why, what a noise is here--as if the undoing a young Heir were such a Wonder; ods so I’ve undone a hundred without, half this ado.
Tell?--why, make your three hundred pounds six hundred, and let it be put into the _Gazet_, if you will, Man.--But it’s a Bargain?
One, Sir, with whom, I’m bound to live and die, And one to whom, by rigorous command, I gave (without my Heart) my unwilling Hand.
These be degrees of Love I am not yet arriv’d at; When I am, I shall be as ready to be damn’d In honour as any Lover of you all.
And we have promised what we could not do; A fault, methinks, might be forgiven too, Since ‘tis but what we learnt of some of you.
So there you’ll save a Sice,               | You love good Husbandry in all but Vice;   | Whoring and drinking only bears a Price.
Let us not toil in vain; we   ask but your consent; the Pleasure will be all ours, ‘tis therefore   fit we suffer all the Fatigue.
Othello_ was one of the first plays to be revived at the Restoration, and was, perhaps, the most frequently seen of all Shakespeare.
Also Massinger’s The _Virgin Martyr_, ii, II:--                             Courtiers have flies     That buzz all news unto them.
skibiditoilet  Probably the best known citizen of Wyncombe, a small town nestling among the Pennsylvania mountains, was Silas Tripp.
Such things didn’t happen when Chester was here.  Abel made no answer, but began to sweep out the store, his first morning duty.
“This is the third year, sir.  “And have you ever been in arrears before?  “No, sir.  “Then you deserve consideration.
He had that evening lost fifty dollars to Dick Ralston, and so increased his debt from one hundred to one hundred and fifty dollars.
Don’t breathe a hint of what I have said.  “No, sir, I will not.  “In case you think it necessary you may telegraph to me.
“No, sir; he started for the West yesterday.  “I am sorry.  “I can attend to your business, Mr. Gray.  “No, thank you.
“You can work at home, but you can call at the office every day to leave your work and receive instructions.  “All right, sir.
I called at the White House and shook hands with the President.  “Did you tell him you wanted an office?  “No office for me.
I must be two or three years older than you, yet you care for and advise me.  “Consider me your uncle, said Chester, brightly.
Trimble is indulging in     liquor more than ever, and I don’t see how he can stand it unless     he has a cast iron constitution.
If you ask a prohibitory price, the hotel will go elsewhere, and you may have to wait a good while before you have a chance to sell.
This sort of secret intimacy and secret exulting in having, _really_, the chief power, was most repugnant to the white-haired woman.
Each Friday night new wonders, robes and ladies’ “suits—the phrase was very new—garnished the window of Houghton’s shop.
“Let us go home.  And then he burst out with wild and thick protestations of love, which thrilled her and repelled her slightly.
the inferno of the human animal, the human organism in its convulsions, the human social beast in its abjection and its degradation.
The collier kept on talking to her, stretching his bare, grey-black hairy arm across her vision, and pointing with his knotted hand.
But he’s not going to make a fool of me—  “Oh dear! sighed Alvina, laughing herself into composure and a little weariness.
“I’ll hold you on.  “But I haven’t got a bicycle, said Alvina, feeling she was slowly colouring to a deep, uneasy blush.
“That’s it.  “Of course you couldn’t have anything to do with him if you don’t care for him, pronounced Miss Pinnegar.
But in private you feel just as you do feel, without occasion for trying to feel something else.  “I don’t know, said James.
At the door he said:  “You’ve never said whether you’re coming to tea on Thursday.  “I don’t think I can, said Alvina.
All very well to have wild, reckless moods of irony and independence, if you have to pay for them by withering dustily on the shelf.
Perhaps she would never have forgiven her if she had not found her weeping rather bitterly in her mother’s abandoned sitting-room.
“Oh, he said, “good-morning. He settled his waistcoat and glanced over the tall, lanky constable and the glittering bicycle.
Mr. May turned off the gas at the meter, came talking through the darkness of the empty theatre, picking his way with a flash-light.
I do not take any myself, because I am afraid of inflaming myself. She laid her hand on her breast, and took long, uneasy breaths.
“She’s feverish, but she may throw it off if we can get her into a sweat. And Alvina ran upstairs collecting things necessary.
He saw her, swerved, and hesitated, turned to leap over the seats and avoid her, when Louis caught him and flung his arms round him.
She had taken his jacket and hat from the dressing-room at the back, and carried them under her rain-coat, which she had on her arm.
There sat two of them, Madame and herself, darning socks in a stuffy little bedroom with a gas fire, as if they had been born to it.
Come, you smell them, don’t you?  A flicker of contempt and derision went over Ciccio’s face as he broke off and looked aside.
But— and he puffed fiercely—“I am the slave of Allaye, I am the tame bear of Allaye.  “Get up, said Ciccio, “get up!
Then, a stray wisp of her hair catching his attention, desire filled his heart, warm and full, obliterating his anger in the combat.
You love me, don’t you? he said, vibrating and beside himself as he pressed her to his breast and hid his face against her hair.
He stood excitedly on the platform talking in Italian—or rather, in his own dialect—whilst Alvina sat quite still in her corner.
Then he turned on his heel and marched rapidly out of the station, his soiled soldier’s overcoat flapping in the wind at the door.
All kiddles for the future shall be removed altogether from Thames and Medway, and throughout all England, except upon the seashore.
All kydells for the future shall be removed altogether from Thames and Medway, and throughout all England, except upon the seashore.
The Distinction between Rhetoric and Poetic   Aristotle wrote two treatises on literary criticism: the _Rhetoric_ and the _Poetics_.
Of plot Horace says little, only suggesting that the poet should not begin _ab ovo_ but plunge at once into the midst of the action.
The survival and popularity of the _Ad Herennium_ during this period is one of the most interesting phenomena of rhetorical history.
Not until the seventeenth century, as has been shown, did rhetoric in England come again to mean what it had in classical antiquity.
Sidney, however, keeps the classical distinction between rhetoric and poetic, although he was conscious of their contact in diction.
On the one hand the less scholarly critics perpetuated the popular traditions of rhetoric which they inherited from the middle ages.
We could see that we were nearing the top of the great chasm, for the clouds, now entirely cleared away, left our view unobstructed.
Even the politest of them would, just at this particular moment, be conveniently engrossed in the examination of some book or paper.
Although seventy-six years of age, on the day of our visit to his palace he was literally covered with diamonds and precious stones.
Across the Yellow Hoang-ho, which is the largest river we encountered in Asia, a pontoon bridge leads into the city of Lan-chou-foo.
The real basis of Chinese politeness seems to be this: They must be polite enough to offer, and you must be polite enough to refuse.
A week’s journeying after this unpleasant episode brought us among the peanuts, pigs, and pig-tails of the famous Pe-chili plains.
Although our boatmen had a smattering of pidjin, or business, English, we were unable to get a very clear idea of Chinese astronomy.
“To see and study the world and its peoples, we answered; “to get a practical training as a finish to a theoretical education.
_Bel_.--Hah--_Celinda_--in my Croud of Thoughts I had forgot I sent--come nearer, Boy-- What did she say to thee?--Did she not smile?
Then, Sirrah, you are worth a kicking--take that--and that--                                                            [_Kicks him_.
How, Sir--You are my elder Brother, yet I may be allow’d to do the Business that I came for, and from my Uncle to demand your Wife.
_Come, my_ Phillis, _let us improve   Both our Joys of equal Love;   Whilst we in yonder shady Grove,   Count Minutes by our Kisses_.
I heard ye talking and believ’d you safe, and came in hopes to get a little time to speak to _Clara_ in;--hah!--_Jacinta_--  _Jac_.
here’s a fine business, i’faith, that she should be her own Carver,--well I’ll home, and thunder her together with a vengeance.
But oh my _Bellmour_, thy sad Circumstances Permit thee not to make a publick Claim: Thou art proscribed, and diest if thou art seen.
Go home and sleep, Sir--Ad, and ye keep your Wife waking to so little purpose, you’ll go near to be haunted with a Vision of Horns.
I am convinc’d the fault was all my Husband’s-- And here I vow--by all things just and sacred, To separate for ever from his Bed.
my Lady and his Worship up?--Madam, a Gentleman and a Lady below in a Coach knockt me up, and say they must speak with your Ladyship.
But those who understand not so much Virtue, Will call it my neglect, and want of Gratitude; In this thy Modesty will wrong thy King.
No, Sir, it is no crime, or if it be, Let Prince _Philander_ make the Peace for me; He ‘twas that taught the Sin (if Love be such.)
Thou know’st the Oaths and Vows she made to me, Never to marry other than my self, And you, _Alcander_, wrought me to believe them.
By Heaven, you shall not fight, unless with me, And you have so anger’d me with this rash action, I could almost provoke you to it.
Thus may you number out your happy years,    _Till Love and Glory no more proofs can give   Of what they can bestow, or you receive_.
I must confess the Count of _Gabalis_ renders it plain, from Writ divine and humane, there are such friendly and intelligent Daemons.
Upon a winged Horse, ycleped _Pegasus_, Swift as the fiery Racers of the Sun,--I fly--I fly--See how I mount, and cut the liquid Sky.
Scaramouch_, if you have not deceiv’d me in this Matter, time will convince me farther; if it rest here, I shall believe you false.
Or dornick, a worsted or woollen fabric used for curtains, hangings and the like, so called from Tournai, where chiefly manufactured.
If the allusion here is to such a kind of apple Sir Feeble’s phrase is singularly inept, as may perhaps be intended to be the case.
Their hearts were filled with pity for the young man, but how could they bear the expense which this sickness would entail upon them?
“Ef you take him you take him at your own risk.  “You wouldn’t have us turn him into the street? said Chester, indignantly.
He was once professor in a Western college, but inheriting a fortune from his uncle, came to New York to pursue his favorite studies.
This is for your errand of this morning.  “Thank you, Cousin David, said Felix, pocketing the bill with an air of satisfaction.
He had often thought he would like to occupy it, and wished he might find an agreeable roommate who would share the expense with him.
I didn’t see you.  “I envy you.  “Why?  “You have nothing to do but to enjoy yourself, answered Felix, significantly.
That’s a terrible price.  Mr. Tripp knew the location of Mr. Fairchild’s office, and after some inquiry he found his way there.
I work at home and select my own hours.  “Are you through work for the day?  “Yes.  “Then you must stay and dine with me.
Mullins, he said, “you wish to know who robbed your office boy of the money he drew from the bank?  “Yes, faltered Mullins.
“I didn’t know that the owner of the lots was a boy.  “The lots were a bequest to me from the original owner, said Chester.
She was a rather short, stout, mouse-coloured, creepy kind of woman with a high colour in her cheeks, and dun, close hair like a cap.
Yet Alvina, though in loyalty she adhered to her beloved Miss Frost, did not really mind the quiet suggestive power of Miss Pinnegar.
Miss Frost set to work to regain her influence over her ward, to remove that arch, reckless, almost lewd look from the girl’s face.
And so the doctors put their arms round Alvina’s waist, because she was plump, and they kissed her face, because the skin was soft.
“It isn’t any use your behaving like that with me, she said, with the same challenging definiteness, finality: a flat negative.
But though he looked at her, steadily, with his blue eyes, from under his long lashes, still, she knew, he looked at her objectively.
“I always think, said Miss Pinnegar, “Irish stew is more tasty with a bit of Swede in it.  “So do I, really, said Alvina.
The fact that ladies wore knickers and black silk stockings thrilled nobody, any more than grease-paint or false moustaches thrilled.
“I shall tell you only their names, and not their family names, because that is easier for you—  In the meantime Max had bowed.
“Why, as far as I understand—  “And if she wants to sell out—?  Mr. May spread his hands, and looked dismal, but distant.
Very nice, a cup of tea at this hour!  “Have one too, doctor.  “I will with pleasure. And he sat down wreathed with smiles.
Sometimes one of the women or one of the children came to say a few words to her, or Giuseppe hurried to her with illustrated papers.
And when she looked round again there was only a bank of mist behind, beyond the sea: a bank of mist, and a few grey, stalking ships.
Beyond was a room with litter in it, a chest of drawers, and rubbish of old books and photographs Pancrazio had brought from England.
“I little thought, at the time when I was hoping to make you my wife, that you were carrying on with a dirty Italian organ-grinder.
No village or individual shall be compelled to make bridges at river-banks, except those who from of old were legally bound to do so.
We will immediately restore all hostages and charters delivered to us by Englishmen, as sureties of the peace or of faithful service.
No village or individual shall be compelled to make bridges at river banks, except those who from of old were legally bound to do so.
The poets paid so much attention to style that they neglected plot construction and the vivid realization of character and situation.
The second phase of mediaeval rhetoric is characteristic of a geographical position more remote from the center of classical culture.
But whereas classical writers applied it to the orator's use of voice and gesture, Hawes applies it only to the poet's reading aloud.
In England this mediaeval tradition persisted into the seventeenth century, as the school rhetorics and the treatises on poetry show.
This, Plutarch believes, would be every whit as foolish as to cut down the vineyards because some people are addicted to drunkenness.
Basil was a college friend of Gregory Nazianzen and of Julian, later emperor and apostate, when the three studied rhetoric at Athens.
Terence and Plautus he praises for furnishing examples of virtue and vice upon the boards, thus to amend the manners of his auditors.
Here Bacon seems to imply that the essential pleasure of poetry is in affording vicarious experience through imaginative realization.
Then he would cut across country to head us off, or shout after us at the top of his voice, “Yavash-yavash (“Slowly, slowly).
Our roommates evidently intended to make an “all night of it, for they forthwith commenced the preparation of their morning meal.
Many a time an inn-keeper would “help us out by disposing of one third of a chicken that we had paid him a high price to prepare.
The first recorded ascent of Mount Ararat was in 1829, by Dr. Frederick Parrot, a Russo-German professor in the University of Dorpat.
There being only two glasses in the camp, we of course had to wait until our Kurdish acquaintances had quenched their burning thirst.
Higher and higher came the clouds, rolling and seething among the grim crags along the chasm; and soon we were caught in its embrace.
In our first article we mentioned an interview in London with Malcolm Khan, the representative of the Shah at the court of St. James.
Permission to enter Turkestan is by no means easily obtained, as is well understood by the student of Russian policy in central Asia.
With the water at Tashkend, as with that from the Zerafshan at Bokhara, a dangerous worm called _reshta_ is absorbed into the system.
Peaches, we were told, do not thrive, but apples, pears, cherries, and the various kinds of berries, grow as well as they do at home.
These terrible winds, which of course were against us, with the frequently heavy cart-tracks, would make it quite impossible to ride.
A constant diet of bread and tea, together with the hard physical exercise and mental anxiety, caused our strength at length to fail.
Well, let’s about it then; for I am for no fighting to day--D’ye hear, Boy--Let the Coach be got ready whilst I get my self drest.
How, Harlot, Sir!--Death, such another Word, And through all Laws and Reason I will rush, And reach thy Soul, if mortal like thy Body.
a Pox of your Tricks--Well, I see there’s no trusting a poor Devil--Well, what Device will your Rogueship find out to cheat me next?
Tell him from me you come, the wrong’d _Diana_; Tell him you have an Interest in my Heart, Equal to that which I have made in yours.
No matter, her Love’s worth a million; and, that’s so great, that I’m sure she’ll be content to carry my Soot basket after me.
Then, Madam, what Expences his Despair have run him on --As Drinking and Gaming, to divert the Thought of your marrying my old Master.
That dear, that charming Sin, though t’have pull’d Innumerable Mischiefs on my head, I have not, nor I cannot find Repentance for.
Virtue’s unconquerable Aid,   That against Nature can persuade;   And makes a roving Mind retire   Within the Bounds of just Desire.
Oh, Sir, rather than the Prince of the Infernals shall be affronted, I’ll conduct the Lady up, and entertain her till you come, Sir.
I’ll wear a patch or two there, and I’ll Warrant you for pretending as much as any man; And who, you Fool, shall know the fallacy?
Sir, e’er you grow in rage at what I’ve said, Do you think I love you, or believe my life Were to be valued more than your repose?
Erminia’s_ Chamber; prithee let me know, For I have fears that take away my sleep, Fears that will make me mad, stark mad, _Pisaro_.
A few more syllables express’d like these, Will raise my Soul up to the worst extreme, And give me with your Scorn an equal torment.
--This can your Smiles; but when those Beams are clouded, Alas, I freeze to very Cowardice, And have not Courage left to kill my self.
--Pride, Honour, Glory, and Ambition strive How to expel this Tyrant from my Soul, But all too weak, though Reason should assist them.
This is no place to make a longer stay in, The King has many Spies about the Prince, ’.were good you would retire to your Apartment.
Well, ‘tis a delicious thing to be rich; what a world of Lovers it invites: I have one for every Hand, and the Favorite for my Lips.
This Evening I surpriz’d her in her Chamber, Writing of Verses, and between her Lines Some Spark had newly pen’d his proper Stuff.
As early as 1678 ‘Crack’ is the proper name of a whore in _Tunbridge Wells_, an anonymous comedy played at the Duke’s House, cf.
This immensely popular play, five merry side-splitting acts which kept the stage for a century, was produced in 1682 at Dorset Garden.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.
We will live for each other, and hope for something to turn up.  “I hope the first thing to turn up will be an increase of salary.
Yet you were looking at it for as much as five minutes.  “Because it is mine, said Chester, half proudly, half in embarrassment.
Apparently he doesn’t tell you everything, Mr. ——  “My name is Mullins—David Mullins, said the bookkeeper, with dignity.
He was wonderfully handsome, especially when at Arthur’s words the look of pain left his face and it brightened into radiant beauty.
“I was going to ask if you wouldn’t give me lessons in drawing and sketching.  “I should be afraid to, sir, laughed Chester.
How long will Mr. Fairchild be absent?  “Probably six weeks.  The gentleman took his leave, with another side glance at Ralston.
I ought to tell you that I have got a place.  “You have? exclaimed Felix, in surprise, and it must be confessed, disappointment.
“Yes, and more if you are willing to wait.  “I think Mr. Bruce only gave twenty-five dollars apiece for them.  “Very likely.
I took care, however, to have one roll of genuine bills.  When the three had left the office Mr. Fairchild turned to the bookkeeper.
The man turned as the door opened to admit Chester, and the latter recognized to his great astonishment his old enemy—David Mullins!
I’m ready now.  “Here, Tim, take my place, said Abner Trimble, calling his barkeeper; “I’m going to the house for an hour.
He had in former days stood in fear of his stepfather, but now, backed up by Chester, he felt a new sense of courage and independence.
I will call at half-past ten o’clock to-morrow morning.  The lawyer bowed himself out, leaving Mrs. Trimble and the boys together.
And all day long the low, steady rumble of sewing-machines overhead seemed like the low drumming of a bombardment upon her weak heart.
She became very tired those evenings—her hair under its invisible hairnet became flatter, her cheeks hung down purplish and mottled.
But the dreadful things she saw in the lying-in hospital, and afterwards, went deep, and finished her youth and her tutelage for ever.
And how he used to dig the children in the back with his horrible iron thumb, if the poor things happened to whisper or nod in chapel!
She knew Alvina had to pound until she received the cue that Mr. May was fitted in his pug-dog “Costoom.  A twitch of the curtain.
But when it is written _Hough-ton!_ then it is different, it is _for_.  “It is always pronounced _Huff-ton_, said Miss Pinnegar.
And her heart burned when she thought of him, partly with anger and mortification, partly, alas, with undeniable and unsatisfied love.
We—that is the persons interested, and myself—would not like to think that you were driven out of Woodhouse—er—er—destitute.
If England had cliffs all round—why, when there was nowhere else to go and no getting beyond, she could walk over one of the cliffs.
Alvina took her quiet moments when she could: for she never knew when she would be rung up by one or other of the doctors in the town.
I’m scared to death of him, for fear he’s going to shout at me.  “Why does everybody put up with him? asked innocent Alvina.
He received Alvina with an affable respect, as if she were an asset in the family, but as if he were a little uneasy and disapproving.
But one woman ostentatiously wiped a bottle mouth with a clean handkerchief, and offered the bottle to Alvina, saying:  “Vino buono.
Almost immediately after eating, they were in the train once more, with new fellow travellers, running south this time towards Naples.
The rocks rose very high, the road looped and swerved from one side of the wide defile to the other, the vehicle pulsed and persisted.
There was the ancient, savage hole of a house, quite windowless, where Pancrazio and Ciccio’s mother had been born: the family home.
Spingarn, I have made my citations to those collections in the belief that such a practice would add to the convenience of the reader.
Definitions  Rhetoric, says Aristotle, may be defined as a faculty of discovering all the possible means of persuasion in any subject.
But however clear-cut this distinction may be in principle, in practical application there is rarely to be found such ideal isolation.
The Florid Style in Rhetoric and in Poetic   But the public interest in style was increasingly comparable to that in athletic agility.
First come seventeen pages of history, mentioning with perfunctory comment the best known poets of classical antiquity and of England.
The remainder of the book explains the nature and history of the various poetical forms, as lyric, epic, tragedy, pastoral, and so on.
Euripides replies, For his ready wit and his wise counsels and because he trains the townsfolk to be better citizens and worthier men.
Afterwards, says Aristotle, the patients fall back into their normal state, as if they had undergone a medical or purgative treatment.
The arts are attacked because they are not successfully utilitarian, and because they appeal to the emotions instead of to the reason.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.
The most dangerous regions to be traversed in such a journey, we were told, were western China, the Desert of Gobi, and central China.
The old mud-houses of modern Angora, as we rolled into the city, contrasted strongly with the cyclopean walls of its ancient fortress.
On one occasion, twenty-five were set before us, in response to our call for eggs to the value of one piaster—four and a half cents.
With the assistance of the bystanders it was pulled back into the socket, and bandaged up till we reached the nearest Russian village.
Foreboding thoughts disturbed our repose, as we contemplated the four hundred miles of this barren stretch to the Great Wall of China.
This was the worst we could have, for beyond the caravan station of Kooshee we would strike the projecting limits of Mongolian Kan-su.
Had we not had our own sleeping-bags, and used the camera, provision-bag, and coats for pillows, our life would have been intolerable.
The system of tillage, therefore, resembles market-gardening rather than the broad method of cultivation common in Europe and America.
The lower part of the frame had broken short off, where it was previously cracked, and had bent the top bar almost double in the fall.
Vast fields of peanuts were now being plowed, ready to be passed through a huge coarse sieve to separate the nuts from the sandy loam.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.
From the first moment that I saw your Eyes, Your charming killing Eyes, I did adore ‘em; And ever since have languisht Day and Night.
I’m glad on’t; my Uncle began to be impatient that he came not, you saying you left him but a day’s Journey behind you yesterday.
--Oh, thou hast made me break a Vow, _Diana_, A sacred solemn Vow; And made me wrong the sweetest Innocence, That ever blest the Earth.
This, however, is not original with Molière, being entirely borrowed from _Le Pédant Joué_, Act ii, 4, of Cyrano de Bergerac (1654).
Not I; be witness, Heav’n, with what reluctancy I forc’d my breaking heart; and can I see that charming Body in my Sister’s Arms!
Alas, I see the Trick, Sir, a mere Trick put upon a Man, a married Man, and a married Man to a handsome young Woman,--you apprehend me.
Now I being the Confident in your Amours, the Jack-go-between-- the civil Pimp or so--you left her in charge with me at your Departure.
Now dare not I ask one civil question for fear it vanish all--                                                                [_Aside_.
These humorous allusions are ample evidence of the popularity of Mrs. Behn’s pantomime and the frequency with which it was performed.
I understand, at certain moments critical, one may be snatch’d of such a mighty consequence, to let the Sight into the Secret Closet.
Art mad?--Dost not see I am a plain Baker, and this my Cart, that comes to carry Bread for the Vice-Roy’s, and the City’s Use?--ha.
Following quartos I have printed these lines (which 1724 gives as prose) metrically, although I confess the result is not satisfactory.
For the verb _vide_ D’Urfey’s _Madam Fickle_ (1676), Act v, I, where Zechiel cries to his brother: ‘Banter him, banter him, Toby.
The conclusion of Act ii and the commencement of Act iii; also the discovery of Florio and Rosaura in Act v.  p. 186 _London Cuckolds_.
The particular portions of Whitefriars forming Alsatia were Ram-Alley, Mitre Court, and a lane called in the local cant Lombard Street.
Pompous in phrase and person, his speech is crammed with lawyer’s jargon and quibbles, with distorted Latin and ridiculous metaphors.
It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
“Chester, said the minister, kindly, “how does it happen that you have an assistant to-day?  “I am the assistant, Mr. Morris.
You need rest and care.  “But I shall be giving you a great deal of trouble.  “We shall not consider it such, said Mrs. Rand.
Where’d you get it?  “I don’t feel obliged to tell.  “It looks bad, that’s all I’ve got to say, said the storekeeper.
Why did you scream so loud a little while ago?  “I—don’t know.  “Were you in pain?  “N—no, answered Ernest, softly.
“Thank you for your offer, she replied, “but the money Miss Dolby pays me defrays all my housekeeping expenses and a little more.
Do you know, Mullins, you are owing me seven hundred and fifty dollars?  “Is it so much as that? asked the bookkeeper, anxiously.
You ought to give Mr. Mullins a vote of thanks for bouncing you.  “I don’t think he meant to benefit me, said Chester, smiling.
If we drew such a large amount just at the beginning of banking hours, the bank officers might suspect something.  “Cautious again.
You can give me a memorandum, so that I can collect it from your son.  “Heaven bless you, young man! said the old man, fervently.
But it so happened in the confusion that I got hold of the wrong boy, and when I managed to get him on board my boat, I saw my mistake.
“Of course it was better to leave it to me than to second cousins whom you don’t care anything about, interposed Trimble, sourly.
I’m sure my Fred is just as smart as he.  It was not till the next evening that Mr. Tripp found it convenient to call on Mrs. Rand.
It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
It was a vast square building—vast, that is, for Woodhouse—standing on the main street and high-road of the small but growing town.
He talked of incidents, and effects, and suggestions, as if the whole thing had just been a sensational-æsthetic attribute to himself.
It is hard to overestimate the value of church or chapel—but particularly chapel—as a social institution, in places like Woodhouse.
Alvina had been bred to think of herself as a delicate, tender, chaste creature with unselfish inclinations and a pure, “high mind.
Panic, the terrible and deadly panic which overcomes so many unmarried women at about the age of thirty, was beginning to overcome her.
If you feel self-conscious, there’s no need to feel guilty about it, is there?  He stared with his strange, smiling stare at James.
On Sunday, she slipped down from the choir into the Chapel, and out through the main entrance, whilst he awaited her at the small exit.
When she had finished, he scrambled to his feet, looked at the organ which he was repairing, and looked at the collapsed pair of steps.
He looked, as he dropped his long, beautiful lashes, as if he might weep for all that, if he were not bound to be misbehaving just now.
Soon they were all trooping down to Lumley, Mr. May prancing like a little circus-pony beside Alvina, the four young men rolling ahead.
“She is lovely— He spread his hand across the air in front of him—“The sea—and Posilippo—and Sorrento—and Capri—Ah-h!
Ciccio smiled in his terrifying war-paint, brandished his spear and trotted softly, like a flower on its stem, round to the procession.
Will you come in half an hour?  “Yes, I will come, he said, still watching his bicycle tube, which sprawled nakedly on the floor.
I _love_ the slippers—  “But they are too small, said Madame, who had been watching her with black eyes that read every motive.
And taking a pillow from the bed, she crushed it against herself and swayed herself unconsciously, in her orgasm of unbearable feeling.
“Quite nice, said Alvina, looking round the hideous little room, and remembering her other term of probation, as a maternity nurse.
The next day, which was Saturday, the last and greatest day of the week, she found herself again somewhat of an outsider in the troupe.
You say it well.  At that moment Miss Pinnegar came in to say Mrs. Rollings had seen another of the young men riding down the street.
As for the work-girls, they gave quite loud, startled squeals, suddenly seeing the two men on their right hand, in the obscure morning.
What would you like—?  Alvina sat still in her chair, looking through the window at the ivy sprays, and the leaf buds on the lilac.
“Canna yer gi’e a man summat better nor this ’ere pap, Missis? said the hairy husband, turning up his nose at the rice pudding.
Don’t think I did it.  His face was a kind of blank, and unconsciously he wrung the hand that had gripped her, as if it pained him.
She read and read again: “E pericoloso sporgersi, and “E vietato fumare, and the other little magical notices on the carriages.
Put the luggage in Grazia’s place while you wait?—  They went across the open place to a sort of shop called the Post Restaurant.
In a corner were shelves, with two chipped enamel plates, and a small table underneath, on which stood a bucket of water with a dipper.
But her dress was dirty, and her face was dirty, and the big gold rings of her ears hung from ears which perhaps had never been washed.
It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
(25) Every county, hundred, wapentake, and tithing shall remain at its ancient rent, without increase, except the royal demesne manors.
We give public and free permission to take this oath to any man who so desires, and at no time will we prohibit any man from taking it.
Nothing in future shall be given or taken for a writ of inquisition of life or limbs, but freely it shall be granted, and never denied.
Nothing in future shall be given or taken for a writ of inquisition of life or limbs, but freely it shall be granted, and never denied.
It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
A beginning is that which does not itself follow anything by causal   necessity, but after which something naturally is or comes to be.
This essay is not a treatise on the theory of poetry, but a thoughtful discussion of the place of poetry in the education of young men.
The sentences should be grammatically correct, artistically arranged, and adorned with such figures as antithesis, irony, and metaphor.
For instance in this metaphor, which Aristotle quotes from Homer, The arrow flew,[69] flew is not the literal word to express the idea.
Rhetorike useth gaie painted sentences, and setteth forthe those matters   with freshe colours and goodly ornaments, and that at large.
As a result, when he himself suffers sorrow or is moved by his own passions, it becomes more difficult for him to repress his feelings.
It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
But the much needed rest we did not secure, for the suspicions aroused by the first glance at our bed-cover proved to be well grounded.
On the street a shroud-like robe called yashmak, usually white, but sometimes crimson, purple, or black, covers them from head to foot.
Among the crags of the upper slope are found only a few specimens of the wild goat and sheep, and, lower down, the fox, wolf, and lynx.
Besides, he would send for the chief of the Ararat Kurds, and endeavor to arrange with him for our safety and guidance up the mountain.
They were soon in their saddles, and galloping away in front of us, with their arms clanking, and glittering in the afternoon sunlight.
But presently one of the mollas ascended the mound in the middle of the stable-yard, and in the manner of the muezzin called to prayer.
That our calculations were close is proved by the fact that we reached Peking with silver in our pockets to the value of half a dollar.
In the matter of social politeness the Chinese, especially the “literati, have reason to look down upon the barbarians of the West.
A high fever set in on the evening of August 15, and as we pulled into the station of Bay-doon-sah, he was forced to go to bed at once.
The lack of butter has led many of the missionaries in China to substitute lard, while the Chinese fry their fat cakes in various oils.
We enumerate a few of them, without comment, only for the purpose of throwing some additional light on the character of our questioner.
It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
The Devil’s in her Tongue, and so ‘tis in most Women’s of her Age; for when it has quitted the Tail, it repairs to her upper Tire.
Faith, _Frank_, I’m a little maukish with sitting up all Night, and want a small refreshment this Morning--Did we not send for Whores?
However ‘tis, I now think fit to unmarry ‘em; And as for him, I’ll use him with what Rigor The utmost Limits of the Law allows me.
Sir, I have serv’d your Family these thirty Years, with Faith and Love; and if I lose my Credit now, I’ll never pretend to’t more.
Pox on formal Fops; we have high-born and generous Souls, and scorn the common Road--Come, let’s enjoy, whilst Youth and Beauty lasts.
Then it must defend you from all the Sex; for all Mankind are like me, nay, and all Womankind are, or wou’d be, what I must make thee.
Though I’m again defeated, yet this last Proves least offensive; nor shall an empty Word Alter my fix’d Resolves, to love you still.
Sure the Devil rides once a day through a Woman, that she may be sure to be inspired with some ill Qualities--what wou’d you have now?
let coward Lovers fear, who love by halves, We that intirely love are bold in Passion, Like Soldiers fir’d with glory dread no Danger.
Go,--and be satisfyed of my eternal love --ah, Gipsey,--no, Gentlewoman, I am a tuff bit, and will hold you tugging till your heart ake.
They understand not your Language; but I, who am a _Renegade Spaniard_, understand you when you speak civilly, which I advise you to do.
Faith, no; if you can afford me a Lease of your Love, Till the old Gentleman my Husband depart this wicked World, I’m for the Bargain.
Is it care of her Honour?--that cannot be--this Age affords none so nice: Nor Fiend nor Goddess can she be, for these I saw were Mortal.
A very distracted Countenance--pray Heaven he be not mad, and a young Wife is able to make an old Fellow mad, that’s the Truth on’t.
It is not well to think my Kindness limited; This, from the Prince you hold, the next from me; Be what it will, I here declare it thine.
Urge it no more, your Reasons do displease me; I offer’d her a Crown with her _Philander_, And she was once pleas’d to accept of it.
I will not answer thee to what thou hast said, But only beg thou wilt preserve thy life, Without which mine will be of little use to me.
Sir, I confess I’m culpable, And were it not a sin equal to that, To doubt you could forgive me, I durst not hope your mercy after it.
The most beautiful of all the Sons and Daughters of the Universe: Fancy, Imagination is not half so charming: And then so soft, so kind!
The Nymph _Egeria_, inamour’d on _Numa Pompilius_, came to him invisible to all Eyes else, and gave him all his Wisdom and Philosophy.
_All Joy to Mortals, Joy and Mirth,     Eternal_ IO’S _sing;   The Gods of Love descend to Earth,     Their Darts have lost the Sting.
He started on his way to the store in the morning, prepared to notify Mr. Tripp that he would remain, but he found that it was too late.
I haven’t earned anything for a month.  “Where do you come from?  “From Pittsburg, answered the tramp, with some hesitation.
“I am, perhaps, as strong as you, but I have no science.  “It won’t take you long to learn.  So the two boys faced each other.
David Mullins had been five years in his present place, and his services must have been satisfactory or he would not have been retained.
It is only right that you should keep me till he returns, and report your objections.  “I don’t require any instructions from you.
“I believe this is Mr. Perkins, of Minneapolis?  “Yes, sir, answered the Westerner, eying the gambler with a penetrating glance.
Why is it that every tradesman, every school-master, every bank-manager, and every clergyman produces one, two, three or more old maids?
A woman lying on a bare, filthy floor, a few old coats thrown over her, and vermin crawling everywhere, in spite of sanitary inspectors.
She saw him slip into the Liquor Vaults, and she came back to announce to Alvina:  “He’s taken to drink!  “Drink? said Alvina.
James Houghton prowled round the warehouses in Knarborough and picked up job lots of stuff, with which he replenished his shabby window.
“Can you give it _expression_? she cried, as she got the arum lily in full blow, and there was a sound of real ecstasy in her tones.
“Arf way down, fourpenny, said the man at the door, poking her in the direction of Mr. May, who wanted to put her in the red velvet.
Up goes the curtain—Miss Poppy twirling till her skirts lift as in a breeze, rise up and become a rainbow above her now darkened legs.
“Max, what shall we do?  “You will stay in bed, and we must do the White Prisoner scene, said Max, rather staccato and official.
“But can’t we do _anything_?  “Yes—you can do the White Prisoner scene—the young men can do that, if you find a dummy squaw.
But a deeper impulse made her smile into his face, as she said to him:  “They like you to touch them.  “Who? His eyes kept hers.
“But if you’d had this bad cold in some places, you might have been much worse, don’t you think.  “Oh my dear! cried Madame.
“And no more trouble with Max, hein?—you Ciccio? said Madame, still with the amiable intonation and the same black, watching eyes.
And then they go into their ungovernable tempers, horrible tempers—  “Only when they are provoked, said Alvina, thinking of Max.
How different it all was, now, at his death, from the time when Alvina knew him as a little child and thought him such a fine gentleman.
But it came to an end, as everything comes to an end, and Miss Pinnegar and Alvina were left alone in the emptiness of Manchester House.
“To thy good journey, my Ciccio, for thou art not a great traveller—  “Na, pour _ça_, y’a plus d’une voie, said Geoffrey.
“Spread soft wings, spread dark-roofed wings, Pacohuila, said Kishwégin, and Ciccio, in his shirt-sleeves solemnly spread his arms.
But he only kissed her, his smiling deepening to a heavy laughter, silent and invisible, but sensible, as he carried her away once more.
The sight of a policeman would send up Alvina’s heart in a flame of fear, agony; yet she knew she had nothing legally to be afraid of.
And again he came very near to her, so that his blue-serge waistcoat seemed, to impinge on her, and his purplish red face was above her.
Suddenly, almost instantaneously, he came to himself again and drew back his hands, shaking his right hand as if some rat had bitten it.
I shall expect you to have tea with me every day.  But Alvina was straightening her crushed cap before the mirror, and did not answer.
The men took him in their arms and kissed him on either cheek, the children lifted their faces in eager anticipation of the double kiss.
You might kill him before he should go.  They picked their way across the river bed, to the wild scrub and bushes of the farther side.
There was a little table under a square, recessed window, on whose sloping ledge were newspapers, scattered letters, nails and a hammer.
Maria in her red kerchief hauling the white cow, and screaming at it, would come laughing towards Alvina, who was rather afraid of cows.
She was always making little plans in her mind—how she could get out of that great cruel valley and escape to Rome, to English people.
She shall pay nothing for her dower, marriage portion, or any inheritance that she and her husband held jointly on the day of his death.
English law shall apply to holdings of land in England, Welsh law to those in Wales, and the law of the Marches to those in the Marches.
It is valuable, to his mind, as the wet-nurse of the young orator, who enlarges his vocabulary and learns composition from its practice.
Throughout the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries in England the term rhetoric and its related words regularly connoted skill in diction.
This will be discussed in the second part of this study, as historically being a phase of critical discussions of the purpose of poetry.
His haire is never rounded for sparing of money, one paire   of shone serveth him a twelve month, he is shod with nailes like a   Horse.
The English renaissance poetic never freed itself from this influence of mediaeval rhetoric until the middle of the seventeenth century.
General   To say that poetry has a moral effect on the reader is not the same as to say that moral improvement is the purpose of poetry.
But rhetoric and poetic seek not only to prove   something, but also to delight; they seek not only understanding, but   action as well.
The most I can do will be to ask for you the protection and assistance of the officials only; for the people themselves I cannot answer.
This, as well as all foods that are not liquid, they scoop up with a roll of ekmek, a part of the scoop being taken with every mouthful.
Sometimes, as we walked along in the mud, the wheels of our bicycles would become so clogged that we could not even push them before us.
Out of this massive base rise the two Ararat peaks, their bases being contiguous up to 8800 feet and their tops about seven miles apart.
Dark masses of clouds seemed to bear down upon us every now and then, opening up their trapdoors, and letting down a heavy fall of snow.
Just at daybreak, 3:55 A. M., on the 4th of July, we started off on what proved to be the hardest day’s work we had ever accomplished.
It was a thrilling experience; we seemed to be sailing through the air itself, for the clouds obscured the slope even twenty feet below.
The snow, at this low altitude, had melted out from below, to supply the subterranean streams, leaving only a thin crust at the surface.
At Miana, that town made infamous by its venomous insect, is located one of the storage-stations of the Indo-European Telegraph Company.
It was not far beyond this point that we began to feel the force of that famous “Damghan wind, so called from the city of that name.
Standing on the bank, they would watch intently every move as we stripped and waded through with bicycles and clothing on our shoulders.
When asked what he would have to eat, he replied, “Everything. They foolishly gave him “everything, and in two days he was dead.
The ascent to this lake, through the famous Buam Defile, or Happy Pass, afforded some of the grandest scenery on our route through Asia.
In defense of our host, we gave a public exhibition, and with the consent of the _Tootai_ made the circuit on the top of the city walls.
Such was the almost superstitious fear of these western nomads for the land which once sent forth a Yengiz Khan along this very highway.
Then too, the outlying town of Ngan-si-chou, the first where proper food and water could be obtained, was only one day’s journey away.
He then explained that he had been instructed by the magistrate of Dyou-min-shan to go out and look for us, and escort us into the town.
Our ignorance of this great underlying principle during the early part of the Chinese journey led us into errors both many and grievous.
During the brawl Diana issuing forth meets Celinda, and taking her for a boy leads her into the house and shortly makes advances of love.
‘Tis this powerful God that makes me submit to the Devil, Matrimony; and then thou art assur’d of me, my stout Lads of brisk Debauch.
That other’s my Mistress,--couldst thou but keep this old Fellow in discourse whilst I give her the sign to retire a little.--  _Guil_.
as we at home describe him, I thought the Great _Turk_ had been twice as big; but I shall find him Tyrant big enough, I’ll warrant him.
Hark ye, _Harry_--in earnest have a care of betraying your self; and do not venture sweet Life for a fickle Woman, who perhaps hates you.
By no means, Sir, you had much better Have them in your Posteriors: for then the Ladies Can never disprove you; they’ll not look there.
O, never trouble your head for that, _Aminta_ Is a Wit, and your Wits care not how ill-favour’d Their Men be, the more ugly the better.
Madam, your heart is strangely fortified That can resist th’efforts I have made against it, And bring to boot such marks of valour too.
In 1748 there was a curious rivalry between the two theatres when both produced _The Emperor of the Moon_ on the same night, 26 December.
_Enter_ Scaramouch _bare, bowing before_ Charmante, _dress’d in     a strange fantastical Habit, with_ Harlequin; _salutes the_ Doctor.
--Well, now to my thinking, ‘tis as plain a Calash again as ever I saw in my Life, and yet I’m satisfy’d ‘tis nothing but a Cart.
The Dance ended, the Front Scene draws     off, and shows a Temple, with an Altar, one speaking through a     Stentraphon from behind it.
I have placed this entrance here as by his first speech Bellmour obviously overhears Leticia’s words, ‘Blest be this kind Retreat’.
They were published in two volumes, folio, at Saragossa, 1580, under the title _Espejo de principes e cavalleros; o, Cavallero del Febo_.
Swift, _Apology_ (1710), _Talke of a Tub_: ‘Where wit hath any mixture of raillery, ‘tis but calling it banter, and the work is done.
“You could hire some one to run it.  “I wouldn’t find much left when I came back; No, I must stay at home and attend to business.
He came in bold as brass and paid me with my own money—the young rascal!  “But how could he do it if the money was took last night?
He wrote a short letter to his mother, informing her of his safe arrival in the city, but not mentioning his engagement by Prof. Hazlitt.
First, Mr. Mullins was naturally of an ugly disposition, and, secondly, he was disappointed in not securing the situation for his cousin.
Wait till we go out, and I will tell you about it.  In five minutes David Mullins put on his hat and coat and went out with his cousin.
Mr. Mullins, if anything, treated Chester better than usual, and the office boy began to think that he had done the bookkeeper injustice.
He is not what may be called an intemperate man?  “No, sir.  “Any other objectionable habits?  “I think he gambles.  “Ha!
It must pay them, or they wouldn’t keep on doing it.  Chester moved into his new room and enjoyed his ample accommodations very much.
The result was that he made the investment and laid away in his old-fashioned wallet five new bonds, assuring a dividend of ten per cent.
Washington’s a fine city, but give me Minneapolis.  “I may call on you in Minneapolis sometime, Mr. Perkins.  “I hope you will.
Of this sum he proposed to send his mother a part, but she wrote that the liberal board paid by Miss Jane Dolby covered all her expenses.
I think he must have picked my pocket of the ticket.  “Did you know the ticket was missing when you boarded the train?  “No, sir.
He is going to build a large hotel in Tacoma—he and another man.  “Then, said Chester, “I will advance you what money you need.
“I suppose you’ve heard that the widder Rand has lost her boarder?  “You don’t say so! returned Silas, with genuine interest.
Moreover the goods, having become a little stale during their years of ineffectuality, were beginning to approximate to the public taste.
But whether this was an act of vanity, or whether it was an attempt to establish an Entente Cordiale with higher powers, who shall judge.
Big penny-daisies grew in tufts on the brink of the yellow clay at Klondyke, yellow eggs-and-bacon spread their midsummer mats of flower.
Klondyke lasted a year and a half, and was not so bad, for in the end, all things considered, James had lost not more than five per cent.
She was charming and sunny and gentle with everybody, particularly with Miss Frost, whom she loved with a deep, tender, rather sore love.
For if you poked and poked, you raised white cumulus clouds of ash, and you were left at last with a few darkening and sulphurous embers.
But Miss Frost answered quickly, nervously:  “When I don’t work I shan’t live.  “But why—? came the long query from Alvina.
And so, in spite of everything, poverty, dowdiness, obscurity, and nothingness, she was content to stay in abeyance at home for the time.
Sometimes the grey eyes of the sick woman rested dark, dilated, haggard on Alvina’s face, with a heavy, almost accusing look, sinister.
“By evening I’m quite tired—though you mayn’t believe it, since you say I do nothing, she added, laughing confusedly to Arthur.
“There are certain feelings common to humanity, such as love, and honour, and truth.  “Would you call them feelings? said Albert.
But the Catherine wheel, done at the last moment on one leg and then an amazing leap into the air backwards, again brings down the house.
When the three sat with their cups of coffee, Madame pushed up her veil just above her eyes, so that it was a black band above her brows.
Yet she continued:  “Would you help me to carry back the things we brought for Madame?  He rose to his feet, but did not look at her.
Ah, the men, the men!  And she unpinned her hat and patted her hair before the small mirror, into which she had to peep to see herself.
Alvina was to be the proprietress of the Endeavour, she was to run it on some sort of successful lines, and abandon all other enterprise.
The men smoked cigarettes and tapped off the ash on the heels of their boots, Madame watched every traveller with professional curiosity.
Ah, well, don’t you trouble to look after me, will you?  “No one will if I don’t.  “I hope no one will.  There was a pause.
It was as if he did not want to see her looking at him, and ran from side to side like a caged weasel, avoiding her blank, glaucous look.
He sat with the pen perched flourishingly at the end of his fingers, suspended in the serious and artistic business of filling in a form.
And then the vagueness came over her again, she turned aside, photographically seeing the crowd in the Consulate, but really unconscious.
High overhead, as the sun went down, was the curious icy radiance of snow mountains, and a pinkness, while shadow deepened in the valley.
Roads there were none: only deep tracks, like profound ruts with rocks in them, in the hollows, and rocky, grooved tracks over the brows.
“Leighton—he wasn’t Lord Leighton then—he wouldn’t have me to sit for him, because my figure was too poor, he didn’t like it.
Above this gorge, at the end, rose the long slopes of the mountains, up to the vivid snow—and across again was the wall of the Abruzzi.
A metrical structure he accepts as the usual practice in poetical composition, but he rejects verse as the distinguishing mark of poetic.
It is the insistence on passion, emotion, which makes the treatise _On the Sublime_ stand out above other classical treatises on writing.
Aristotle's contribution to rhetorical theory is not a text-book, but a philosophical treatise, a part of his whole philosophical system.
Formerly rhythm and meter were the distinguishing marks of the poet, but the orators in his days, he says, made increasing use of rhythm.
To object that Sidney's criticism contains elements which derive from the middle ages and from the classical rhetorics would be captious.
It is asking too much to expect that a man can shake off at once the traditional habits of thought which are part of the air he breathes.
When the Christian fathers were confronted with the Syriac gospel of the youth of Jesus, they called a council to declare it apochryphal.
These rivers are translatable into: understanding of good and evil, moral purpose, novelty, rhetorical adornment of figures and so forth.
Both in theory and in practice the example was regarded as being a pleasanter argument than the precept, as well as being more effective.
Allegory and the Rhetorical Example in Poetic   Thus far we have had to draw inferences from the asides of rhetorician and school-master.
In we dashed with a roaring wind, past the affrighted guards, and were fifty yards away before they could collect their scattered senses.
Up this ridge we slowly climbed for three weary hours, leaping from boulder to boulder, or dragging ourselves up their precipitous sides.
Still we plodded on for two more weary hours, cutting our steps in the icy cliffs, or sinking to our thighs in the treacherous snow-beds.
The proximity of Tabreez to the Russian border makes it politically, as well as commercially, one of the most important cities in Persia.
This, in view of the Amazonian reinforcements, who were standing by in readiness for a second onset, we were more than pleased to accept.
The military road now completed between Askabad and Meshed reveals the extreme weakness of Persia’s defense against Russian aggression.
With him we were able to converse either in French or German, both of which languages he could speak more purely than his native Russian.
At any rate, our own London letter was of no use beyond the Bosporus, except with the Persian imperial banks run by an English syndicate.
Instead of antipyrin he administered the poison, sulphate of zinc, which we carried to relieve our eyes when inflamed by the alkali dust.
They both were forfeit, when I broke my Vow, Nor cou’d my Honour with thy Fame decline; Whoe’er profanes thee, injures nought of mine.
Truly, Mrs. _Flauntit_, this young Squire that you were Sent to for, has two or three Persons more with him that must be accommodated too.
This mollifies something, do this, and you’ll make your Peace; if not, you Rascal, your Ears shall pay for this Night’s Transgression.
Whilst I thus trembling hear my fatal Doom, Like Sinners, conscious ne’er to be forgiven, I dare not lift my guilty Eyes towards Heaven.
Either, we’ll furnish him with Bills on Signior Don _Francisco_, --Men and Baggage, and the business is done--he shall make Love to her.
Then for his Equipage, ‘tis banisht to one small Monsieur, who (saucy with his Master’s Poverty) is rather a Companion than a Footman.
I’ve done’t, I’ve done’t; Pox on him, it cost me five hundred pounds though: Here ‘tis, my Solicitor brought it me this Evening.
But thine the pure effects of highest Valour; For which, if ought below my Crown can recompense, Name it, and take it, as the price of it.
I like it well, and till thou hast perform’d it, I will divest my self of all my Power, And give it thee, till thou hast made him great.
I humbly thank you, Sir--      [_Bows to the_ King, _takes the Staff from_ Orgulius,     _and gives it to_ Alcippus, _who looks amazedly_.
Why sure _Aminta_ will instruct her better, She’s as inconstant as the Seas and Winds, Which ne’er are calm but to betray Adventurers.
I saw her lovely Eyes still turn on him, As Flowers to th’.un: and when he turn’d away Like those she bow’d her charming head again.
That’s what against my will I must impart: But wish it please the Gods, when next we meet, We might as Friends, and not as Lovers greet.
Be patient, Sir, and call up all your Virtue, You’re only cur’d, Sir, of a Disease That long has reign’d over your nobler Faculties.
p. 193 _Finsbury Hero_, Finsbury Fields, which Pepys thought ‘very pleasant’, had been kept open for the citizens to practise archery.
Panard (1694-1765); _Oeuvres_ (1803), Tome III, p. 355:--      Que les plumets seraient aimables     Si leurs feux etaient plus constants!
If you are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
He will still be our friend.  There was something in these simple words that cheered Chester, and a weight seemed lifted from his heart.
There’s a great many onrasonable people in the world.  “I will go and see Mr. Morris, the minister, decided the perplexed Chester.
He expressed himself plainly about the folly of the Rands in “runnin’ into debt for a shif’less fellow who had no claim upon them.
So Chester did not pay much attention or give much thought to his Western property, but began to look round anxiously for something to do.
Of course neither Mrs. Rand nor Chester had any idea of his motives or intentions, and they awaited his visit with considerable curiosity.
I could not give him that, but I told him we would give him some supper.  “Of course we will, said Mrs. Rand, in a tone of sympathy.
I will mention one or two particulars in which I want you to deviate from the original.  Chester sat down and was soon deep in his task.
I’ll lend you fifty dollars more, making the debt two hundred dollars.  “I don’t see how that will help me.  “I’ll tell you.
“In that case, you will hold yourself ready to slip into his place.  “Bully for you, Cousin David, exclaimed Felix, in exultation.
“The younger man is Ralston, the gambler, said Chester, in excitement, when they were near enough to recognize the figures of the two.
How old are you?  “Sixteen.  “And you are a contributor to _Puck_ and other papers?  “Yes, sir.  “You must be a smart boy.
“Mother pays all bills, and gives him money for himself besides.  “I don’t see how she could have married such a man!  “Nor I.
My income is larger than you suppose, and I will send you     weekly as much as you have been accustomed to receive from your     boarder.
The young man I saw bore a wonderful resemblance to Mr. Granger.  “How long is it since you saw me drowned, Mr. Floyd? asked Edward.
“It would be foolish for you to pay it, Mr. Tripp; but they think me worth it.  “What sort of work do you do?  “I make pictures.
If you are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
He rigged up the engines afresh, bought two new machines, and started an elastic department, making elastic for garters and for hat-chins.
He gathered two miner partners—he trotted endlessly up to the field, he talked, as he had never talked before, with inumerable colliers.
“I don’t really.  Miss Frost scrutinized her, and replied with a meaningful:  “Well—!  To Miss Frost it was clear as daylight.
It was reminiscent of the way she beat time, insistently, when she was giving music lessons, sitting close beside her pupils at the piano.
“Of course, as a lady _and_ a nurse, he said to her, “you are two sorts of women in one.  But she was not impressed by his wisdom.
He was a plump young man of middle height, with those blue eyes of a little boy which are so knowing: particularly of a woman’s secrets.
He believed himself finely and sacredly in the right, that he was frustrated by lower beings, above whom it was his duty to rise, to soar.
Mr. May had travelled in his Pullman car and gone straight to the best hotel in the town, like any other American with money—in America.
James, needless to say, flittered and hurried hither and thither around the audience and the stage, like a wagtail on the brink of a pool.
Elle passe—la pauvre Kishwégin.  Kishwégin was Madame’s Red Indian name, the name under which she danced her Squaw’s fire-dance.
The young men all rose, and kissed Madame’s hand as she went out: her poor jewelled hand, that was faintly perfumed with eau de Cologne.
“But do come and warm yourself before you go out again, said Miss Pinnegar, looking at the man as he drooped his head in the distance.
She’s sleeping naturally.  Max stared with round, sleep-whitened, owlish eyes, pessimistic and sceptical:  “Yes, persisted Alvina.
Max, in deerskin trousers but with unpainted torso looked very white and strange as he put the last touches of war-paint on Louis’ face.
Though very quiet and unobtrusive as a rule, Max could suddenly assume an air of _hauteur_ and overbearing which was really very annoying.
“Yes—this morning. She had neither tears nor emotion, but just looked down on him abstractedly, from her height on the kitchen step.
“I’m going to see the lawyer tomorrow, and I’m going to tell him to sell everything and clear up as soon as possible, said Alvina.
I’ve no doubt it’s something for my benefit—  But the affronted woman rushed out of the room, and burst into tears on the landing.
She saw the smile die on his lips, his eyes glance sideways, and again sideways, with that curious animal shyness which characterized him.
T’alluntare di sta core, Nel paese del amore Tien’ o cor’ di non turnar’ —Ma nun me lasciar’—   It was almost unendurable.
“But I’m hungry.  “Well, we shall eat something when we come to my house.  They plodded in the darkness of the valley high-road.
Ah, the dreadful days of cold rain mingled with sleet, when the world outside was more than impossible, and the house inside was a horror.
If you are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
(4) The guardian of the land of an heir who is under age shall take from it only reasonable revenues, customary dues, and feudal services.
If he leaves children that are under age, their needs may also be provided for on a scale appropriate to the size of his holding of lands.
No one shall be distrained for performance of greater service for a knight’s fee, or for any other free tenement, than is due therefrom.
We will immediately give up the son of Llywelyn and all the hostages of Wales, and the charters delivered to us as security for the peace.
No one shall be distrained for performance of greater service for a knight’s fee, or for any other free tenement, than is due therefrom.
We will immediately give up the son of Llywelyn and all the hostages of Wales, and the charters delivered to us as security for the peace.
This perversion of rhetoric which considered it as concerned only with style, or aureate language, was not restricted to the school books.
In his criticism of individual poems, also, Ascham praises the authors less for creative power than for adherence to certain formal tests.
Long before Tertullian the moral philosophers of antiquity had already attacked the poetry of Greece and Rome on the ground of immorality.
Poetry, in Webbe's conception, therefore, is especially effective in its sweete allurements to vertues and commodious caveates from vices.
He listened to the recital of our plans, got down the huge atlas from his bookcase, and went over with us the route we proposed to follow.
But on reaching Erzerum, the Vali refused us permission to enter the district of Alashgerd without a guard, so we were forced to take one.
When we were ready to start the chief of police cleared a riding space through the streets, which for an hour had been filled with people.
The solid red and yellow rocks which lined the sides of the great chasm projected above the opposite brink in jagged and appalling cliffs.
We must be nearing the top, we thought, and yet we were not certain, for a huge, precipitous cliff, just in front of us, cut off the view.
Negotiations were at once set on foot between London and Teheran, which finally led to a formal demand upon the Kurds by the Shah himself.
Looking up, we were hailed by Stagno Navarro, the inspector of the Persian telegraph, who was employed with his men on a neighboring line.
A hearty welcome back to civilized life was given us the next evening by General Kuropatkine himself, the Governor-General of Transcaspia.
Among them was a Chinaman who could talk a little Russian, and who undertook to direct us to a comfortable inn at the far end of the city.
In a conversation with the Tootai of Schicho, for instance, our Russian had to be translated into Turki and thence interpreted in Chinese.
But when morning came, a violent hurricane from the southeast swept the sand in our faces, and fairly blew the sick man over on his wheel.
Sir Timothy himself is moulded to some extent upon Sir Francis Ilford, but, as Geneste aptly remarks, he may be considered a new character.
Though I know ye to be cursed cowardly lying Rogues, yet because I have use of ye, I must forgive ye.--Here, kiss my Hand, and be forgiven.
--Wou’d she had less of both, and more of Pity; And that I knew not how to wish, till now That I became a Lover, perhaps as unsuccessful.
I’ve won Money to Night, _Betty_, to buy thee Clothes--hum --hum--Well said, _Frank_, towse the little Jilts, they came for that purpose.
And prithee, dear _Jacinta_, let me have one word with _Julia_ more, she need not fear surprize; just at the door let me but kiss her hand.
I hope the Jade will be Turkefied with a vengeance, and have Circumcision in abundance; and the Devil shall ransom her for old _Francisco_.
When it happens that I challenge any one, to point me out the least Expression of what some have made their Discourse, they cry, _That Mr_.
there ‘tis again--No--’tis not me she means: what, at your Tricks and Intrigues already?--Yes, yes, I am destin’d a Cuckold--  _Let_.
How, another--his Name, his Name, Madam--here’s _Ned_ and I fear ne’er a single Man i’th’ Nation, What is he--what is he?--  _Dia_.
Sure ‘twas indeed some Witch, who knowing of my Infidelity--has by Inchantment brought me hither-- ’.is so--I am betray’d--[_Pauses_.
Believe me, Sir, ‘tis true--I feigned a danger near--just as you got to bed--and I was the kind Devil, Sir, that brought the Gold to you.
That’s another reason for my fears; that ill-Luck owes us a spite, and will be sure to pay us with loving one another, a thought I dread.
I have added ‘Page to _Bellmour_; Page to Lord _Plotwell_; Sir _Timothy’s_ Page; Guests; Fiddlers; Ladies.’  p. 12, l. 36 _honoured_.
The Jig introduced in _Sir Timothy Tawdrey_ would seem to have been the simple dance although not improbably an epithalamium was also sung.
The charge of murdering young Christian boys, especially at Passover time, and eating their flesh was continually brought against the Jews.
Sir Thomas Urquhart, the glorious translator of Rabelais, is reported to have died of laughter on hearing of the Restoration of Charles II.
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
“Come home with me, and I can promise you shelter for one night, at least.  “Thank you, boy, said Bruce, grasping Chester’s hand.
“What do you think he done this mornin’?  “I don’t know, sir.  “He smashed two dozen eggs, and eggs twenty-two cents a dozen.
I’ll tell you what I’d do.  “Well?  “I’d hook it.  “You mean run away?  “Yes.  “That’s the last thing I’d do.
What a hardened young villain he is!  “Come, Silas, you must be crazy, expostulated the constable, who felt very friendly to Chester.
If he should discover that I have found the receipt and given it to Mr. Long, he would hate me even worse.  “You must look out for him.
I had business with him, but I suppose I can transact it with Mullins just as well.  “You will find him in the office.  “All right!
“How long has Mr. Mullins been in Mr. Fairchild’s employ?  “About five years, I think I have heard.  “That speaks well for him.
“I think I shall go to press with my book before the end of the year, said the professor, one evening, as Chester was taking his leave.
One evening about this time Edward Granger, who still occupied the small apartment adjoining, came into Chester’s room, looking agitated.
He had not known of the correspondence with Chester, as Mr. Dean had written his letter personally, and it had not gone through the office.
I didn’t get even the price of a glass of—sarsaparilla out of him.  Mr. Floyd came near saying whisky, but bethought himself in time.
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
Perhaps these unmarried women of the middle-classes are the famous sexless-workers of our ant-industrial society, of which we hear so much.
When the tour of inspection was almost over, she said innocently:  “Won’t it cost a great deal?  Arthur Witham slowly shook his head.
In an aquarium fish seem to come smiling broadly to the doorway, and there to stand talking to one, in a mouthing fashion, awful to behold.
You merely have a site in your mind.  And so it came to pass that, next morning, this oddly assorted couple went down to Lumley together.
“Why, he continued, “they are ever so much more excited after a good turn, than after any film.  “I know they are, said Alvina.
The rest of the young men fingered their glasses and put their cigarettes to their lips and blew the smoke down their noses, uncomfortably.
I don’t see why you want people dressing up and showing off.  They sat down to their tea and toast and marmalade, during this harangue.
Suddenly she took a pace forward, stooped, watching his face as if timidly, caught his brown hand in her own and lifted it towards herself.
She dressed as attractively as possible, in her new dress of black voile, and imitating Madame, she put four jewelled rings on her fingers.
He liked to hang over her chair, and he made a great event of offering her a cigarette whenever they met, although he himself never smoked.
So that Dr. Mitchell, who had contrived to pick up Alvina at the Hospital, contrived to bring her to his house at half-past three, for tea.
And a biscuit. Again she stretched out her long white arm from the sudden blue lining of her wrap, suddenly, as if taken with the desire.
For his face was open like a flower right to the depths of his soul, a dark, lovely translucency, vulnerable to the deep quick of his soul.
Great moth-white oxen waved past, drawing a long, low load of wood; the peasants left behind began to come up again, in picturesque groups.
Then he took the leading rope and led up on the dark high-way, stalking with his dingy white legs under his muffled cloak, leading the ass.
So that she lived more and more in a little, isolate, illusory, wonderful world then, content, moreover, because the living cost so little.
And after all, the high-way beyond the river led to Ossona, and Ossona gave access to the railway, and the railway would take her anywhere.
*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE LOST GIRL ***  Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will be renamed.
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
In so far as the text of quoted classical writers is readily accessible in modern editions, I offer my readers only an English translation.
Robertelli thought poetic might be either in prose or in verse if it were an imitation; Lucian, Apuleius, and Heliodorus were to him poets.
Thereafter the character sketch became a literary form, as in Hall, Overbury, and Earle, instead of remaining merely a rhetorical exercise.
Moreover, under the influence of sophistical rhetoric, preoccupied with style, poetic and rhetoric practiced the same rhetorical artifices.
Thus by the end of the sixteenth century, the Italian critics had formulated a logical and self-consistent theory of the purpose of poetry.
But both the attackers and the defenders argued from the same premise, that the purpose of poetry was to afford pleasant moral instruction.
Jonson, like Sidney, was steeped in classical criticism as interpreted and spread abroad by the sixteenth-century critics of the continent.
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
One of the principal agents in the work of transforming Asia Minor is the railroad, to which the natives have taken with unusual readiness.
The dignity of office is here upheld with something of the pomp and splendor of the East, even by the representative of democratic America.
Two of them! This was not the first time we had been taken for the subjects of the Czar; the whole country seemed to be in dread of them.
The various strips were badly joined together, allowing the snow and rain, during the stormy night that followed, to penetrate plentifully.
We ourselves were through with discussion, and fully determined to have nothing to do with a people who could do absolutely nothing for us.
While not a communist, as he has sometimes been wrongly classed, he exhorted the wealthy to regard themselves as only trustees of the poor.
Our four days’ journey of 180 miles along the regular Russian post-road was attended with only the usual vicissitudes of ordinary travel.
Our request for a better room was answered by the question, if the one we had was not good enough, and how long we intended to occupy that.
As a branch of the Crown botanical gardens at St. Petersburg, some valuable experiments were being made here with foreign seeds and plants.
The common Chinese paper which serves for window-glass had long since vanished from the ravages of time, and the finger-punches of vandals.
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
Faugh--how she smells--had I approach’d so near divine _Celinda_, what A natural Fragrancy had sent it self through all my ravisht Senses!
thou know’st me, and my bus’ness.-- Look on this Face, if thou dar’st look on him Whom thou hast doubly wrong’d--and draw thy Sword.
I cannot hold;--but if I shou’d forgive, and marry you, you wou’d be gadding after honour still, longing to be a she Great _Turk_ again.
Sir, if this Virtue be but real in you, how happy I shou’d be; but you’ll relapse again, and tempt my virtue, which if you do--  _Fran_.
--What, will you force me?--no--give me another Glass, I scorn to be so uncivil to be forced, my service to you, Sir--this shan’t do, Sir.
But how ‘twixt this and that can I defend My self from the loath’d Arms of an impatient Dotard, That I may come a spotless Maid to thee?
‘Tis so, ay, ay, ‘tis so--and wise Men will perceive it; ‘tis here--here in my forehead, it more than buds; it sprouts, it flourishes.
Here, _Dick_, remember I’ve brought back your Master’s Watch; next time he sends for me o’er Night, I’ll come to him in the Morning.
Yes, Sir, before I serv’d you, and since too: I Am provok’d to give you proofs on’t sometimes; For when I am angry I am a very Hector.
Alas, poor Gentleman, he’s past all Cure.--But, Sirrah, for the future, take you care that no young mad Patients be brought into my House.
The Youth shall now complain no more     Of_ Sylvia’s _needless Scorn,   But she shall love, if he adore,     And melt when he shall burn.
The Pre-Restoration Jig was little other indeed than a ballad opera in embryo lasting about twenty-five minutes and given as an after-piece.
Little St. Hugh of Lincoln, St. William of Norwich, the infant St. Simon of Trent and many more were said to have been martyred in this way.
Dryden’s prologue to _The Spanish Friar_ (1681):--                What e’er base metal come     You coin as fast as groats at Bromingam.
In a ballad called _The New-made Gentlewoman_, written in the reign of Charles II, occurs the line “My justico and black patches I wear.
An ordinance of 1478 is extant which orders all obstacles to be removed and Finsbury to be ‘made a plain field for archers to shoot in’.
In fine I’ll justifie it to be as grand to the eye every whit, I gad, as that great Scene in Harry the Eight.’  p. 203 _Joan Sanderson_.
An apple John is usually explained as being a kind of apple said to keep two years and to be in perfection when shrivelled and withered, cf.
The parish of St. Martin-le-Grand was formerly celebrated for the number of shops vending cheap and imitation jewellery within its purlieus.
And yet, it looked so mean in Silas Tripp to present such an alternative, when he was abundantly able to give him the increase he asked for.
“I am poor myself, and am not used to fine rooms.  “Take the rocking-chair, said Mrs. Long, offering him the best chair in the room.
It is fortunate he didn’t destroy the receipt, or you would have had no resource.  “You’re a smart boy, and I’ll take your advice.
By the way, I forgot to tell you that I have four lots on Ninety-sixth Street which would make a good investment.  “Ninety-sixth Street!
He is still the same modest and warm-hearted boy, or perhaps I should say young man, and his friends all agree that he deserves his success.
As she grew older she entered the choir at chapel, she attended Christian Endeavour and P.S.A., and the Literary Society on Monday evenings.
And so, because of her isolate self-sufficiency in the fray, her wild, overweening backbone, they were ready to attend on her and serve her.
So Alvina sat for many hours in the lofty, sombre bedroom, looking out silently on the street, or hurriedly rising to attend the sick woman.
The cat should not catch the mouse, the mouse should not nibble holes in the table-cloth, and so on and so on, in the House that Jack Built.
“Oh my goodness! she exclaimed as she stood in Alvina’s bedroom, and looked at the enormous furniture, the lofty tableland of the bed.
“I haven’t got an Arthur, even for one side.  “Oh, my word, you’d want a husband on both sides, in that bed, said Lottie Witham.
So the hours passed, till about one o’clock, when the perspiration became less profuse, and the patient was really better, really quieter.
His yellow, dusky-set eyes rested on her good-naturedly, without seeing her, his lip curled in a self-conscious, contemptuous sort of smile.
An American Catholic?  “Well—English—Irish—American.  “So!  Mr. May never felt more gloomy in his life than he did that day.
“What is that stuff you’ve got there! he inquired largely, seeing a bottle of somebody’s Soothing Syrup by a poor woman’s bedside.
She put his ring in her apron pocket, and there she forgot it until he pounced on her in the afternoon, in the house of one of her patients.
She could not grasp that an Italian labourer would lie down just where he was tired, in the street, on a station, in any corner, like a dog.
And Ciccio was so silent, there seemed so much dumb magic and anguish in him, as if he were for ever afraid of himself and the thing he was.
Pancrazio looked on them admiringly and contemptuously, as an old, rakish tom-cat might look on such frivolous well-groomed young gentlemen.
Should such a thing be procured, it shall be null and void and we will at no time make use of it, either ourselves or through a third party.
All counties, hundreds, wapentakes, and trithings (except our demesne manors) shall remain at old rents, and without any additional payment.
The writ which is called praecipe shall not for the future be issued to anyone, regarding any tenement whereby a freeman may lose his court.
This is well illustrated by the literary controversy between Isocrates and Alcidamas, both sophists and both students of the famous Gorgias.
The Contamination of Poetic by False Rhetoric   As style gained this preponderence in rhetoric, it continued to increase its hold on poetic.
Each of them is endeavoring to present a compendium of universal knowledge according to the conventional analysis of the seven liberal arts.
To Bacon, perhaps, the imagination seems to be too much the organ of make-believe, imaging things which never were on land or under the sea.
For instance, Aristotle justifies poetry as an imitative art because children learn by imitation and the pleasure in imitation is universal.
In answer to Plato's second objection to poetry, that it encourages unrestrained emotionalism, Aristotle propounded his theory of katharsis.
The speech used the enthymeme and the example as proofs, while the poem used the example to a greater, and the enthymeme to a lesser degree.
Gosson and the Puritans objected that current poetry and plays failed to afford this moral instruction and should consequently be condemned.
Some were playing games similar to our chess and backgammon, while others were looking on, and smoking the gurgling narghile, or water-pipe.
With a shifting of the scenes of travel, we stood at sunset on the summit of the Binalud mountains, overlooking the valley of the Kashafrud.
It presents the appearance of a boundless level expanse, the very undulations of which are so uniform as to conceal the intervening troughs.
“Why, they said, “we have often heard better music than that. Dr. Tanner was not without his share of fame in this far-away country.
This, he said, would subject us to considerable delay and expense, even if the telegraph and post were utilized through Siberia and Kiakhta.
At night smoldering fires, which half suffocate the human inmates, are built before the doors and windows to keep out the intruding insects.
This street parade gathered to the inn yard an overwhelming mob, and announced to the whole community that “the foreign horses had come.
These we at length learned to manipulate with sufficient dexterity to pick up a dove’s egg—the highest attainment in the chop-stick art.
He grasped us warmly by the hand as we came dripping out of the water, while all the time his benevolent countenance fairly beamed with joy.
On several occasions, when told that eggs could not be bought in the community, an offer of an exhibition would bring them out by the dozen.
According to an official note, issued early in 1882, by Mr. Hart, Inspector-General of Chinese Customs, considerably less than one per cent.
Only a day sufficed to reach Tong-quan, which is the central stronghold of the Hoang-ho basin, and one of the best defended points in China.
The mob of hundreds that had been dogging our foot-steps and making life miserable, during our brief stop for food, watched our embarkation.
Mr. Tenney, in fact, became fatigued with the task of interpreting, so that many of the long answers were translated by the viceroy’s son.
Look on my Wrongs-- Wrongs that would melt a frozen Chastity, That a religious Vow had made to Heaven: --And next survey thy own Perfections.
Oh, sweet Sir--wou’d my Knight were hang’d, so I were well rid of him now--Well, Sir, I swear you are the most agreeable Person--  _Bel_.
She’s an impudent confounded Lyar--and because she wou’d have your worshipful Custom--scandaliz’d me, to breed a difference between us.
Sh’has made me take an Oath, to fight with thee; And every Wound my lucky Sword shou’d make, She bad me say, was sent thee from her Hate.
To break thy Heart, know then, she loves another, And has took back the Vows she made to thee, And given ‘em to a Man more worthy of ‘em.
Yes, you, one of my Wife’s evil Counsellors,--go, get you up both to your respective Chambers, go--                                   [_Ex.
Shaw, most of the Heroes of the World were so;--go, prithee, Hony, go, do me the favour to cuckold me a little, if not for Love, for Charity.
Well, Landlady--if we must part--let’s drink at parting; here, Landlady, here’s to the Fool--that shall love you better than I have done.
Kind Light, a little of your aid--now must I be peeping, though my Curiosity should lose me all--hah--Zouns, what here--a Hovel or a Hog-sty?
I did but hold my peace, to hear how prettily she prattled Love: But, fags, you are naught to think of a young Fellow--ads bobs, you are now.
--Go, my Dear, go to Bed--I’ll send Sir _Nicholas_ a Receit for the Chest, and be with thee presently--                               [_Ex.
Erminia next appears, and the happy accident explained, Erminia is bestowed upon the dauphin, whilst the princess is united to the favourite.
By _Jove_, _Pisaro_, I was weary enough of the Campaign; and till I had lost sight of it, I clapt on all my Spurs-- But what ails _Alcander_?
I came, an’t like your Seigniorship, to Madam the Governante here, to serve her in the Quality of a _Fille de Chambre_ to the young Ladies.
--Ha, now on my Conscience, my two foolish Lovers, _Harlequin_ and _Scaramouch_; how are my Hopes defeated?--but, faith, I’ll fit you both.
I am displeas’d at your Grey-Eyes, and black Eye-brows, and Beard; I never knew a Man with those Signs, true to his Mistress or his Friend.
What, Seignior, for a Man of Parts to be impos’d upon, and whip’d through the Lungs here--like a Mountebank’s Zany for sham Cures --Mr.
He sat for St. Ives, Cornwall, in the first parliament of James II, and was appointed, along with the Master of the Revels, to license plays.
We will each order a different dish, and by sharing them we will have a variety.  There is no need to mention of what the dinner consisted.
He doesn’t know Mr. Fairchild’s prejudice, and may fall into the trap.  “How can I get acquainted with him?  “I’ll see to that.
I am at work, and this is my noon hour.  “I will tell him what you say——  “Perhaps I may have a chance to call in this afternoon.
About ten o’clock the two witnessed from a distance a scene between a man of forty and an old, infirm man, apparently seventy years of age.
“That is curious.  “Why is it curious?  “Because I am going to start for Oregon and Washington to-night.  “You don’t mean it!
She has a sister there.  “Do you expect her back?  “Yes, after a year.  “I wouldn’t calc’late too much upon it if I were you.
That Woodhouse, as a very condition of its own being, hated any approach to originality or real taste, this James Houghton could never learn.
James Houghton complained of Fortune, yet to what other man would Fortune have sent two such women as Miss Frost and Miss Pinnegar, _gratis_?
She kept her look of arch, half-derisive recklessness, which was so unbearably painful to Miss Frost, and so exciting to the dark little man.
Ha!—if they didn’t have to pay you at all, these slum-people, they would treat you with more contempt than if you were one of themselves.
She had become a maternity nurse in order to practise in Woodhouse, just as James Houghton had purchased his elegancies to sell in Woodhouse.
In the ponderous, rather sordid nullity of Manchester House she became shadowy and absorbed, absorbed in nothing in particular, yet absorbed.
I ought to have been first with a cinema.  He admitted as much to Mr. May, the stranger who was looking for some sort of “managing job.
A little further on was the railway junction, and beyond that, more houses stretching to Hathersedge, where the stocking factories were busy.
In that moment all the anger which was due to him from all womanhood was silently discharged at him, like a black bolt of silent electricity.
He sailed like a stiff little ship before a steady breeze, hither and thither, out of Woodhouse and back again, and across from side to side.
“But personally, I feel I can’t take the responsibility for the palace.  But James, to use the vulgar expression, was in his eye-holes.
Stronger! as she came into being as a cup and saucer, Alvina could not imagine: unless Miss Poppy was fancying herself a strong cup of tea.
However, she subsided into her mere self, panted frantically, and then, in a hoarse voice, demanded if she was in the bare front of the show.
Ciccio, who was the crack horseman, having served a very well-known horsey Marchese in an Italian cavalry regiment, did a bit of show riding.
But Alvina caught the slow, mischievous smile as the painted horror showed his teeth in passing; she was able to flash back an excited laugh.
To which home and home life Alvina now clung with a desperate yearning, knowing inevitably she was going to lose it, now her father was gone.
“Alley or avenue, what does it matter, cried Madame in French, “so long as it is a good journey.  Here Geoffrey at last saw the joke.
Then she lightly kissed him on the cheek, and said:  “Won’t you go to bed and sleep?  Geoffrey staggered to his feet, shaking his head.
I feel I ought to go away, cried Alvina, who was terribly distressed, seeing Madame’s glitter and pallor, and the black brows of the men.
She had decided that at the least sign of indifference from the medical board people she would walk away, take her bag, and go to Windermere.
“No, don’t look at me, laughed Alvina, “_I_ know nothing about it.  “Do you think it may be _me_! said the matron, mischievous.
And yet—I did—! She shook her head as if it was all just beyond her, and the pseudo-smile at the corners of her ageless mouth deepened.
He produced two enamel plates and one soup-plate, three penny iron forks and two old knives, and a little grey, coarse salt in a wooden bowl.
She felt he was never very far away: that he was a good deal a stranger in Califano, as she was: that he clung to her presence as she to his.
And heaven knows, Pancrazio’s wine was poor enough, his grapes almost invariably bruised with hail-stones, and half-rotten instead of ripe.
But on our return from the Crusade, or if we abandon it, we will at once do full justice according to the laws of Wales and the said regions.
The writ which is called praecipe shall not for the future be issued to any one, regarding any tenement whereby a freeman may lose his court.
*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE MAGNA CARTA ***  Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will be renamed.
Although Aristotle includes Thought as an element in drama, he does not discuss it in the _Poetics_, but refers his reader to the _Rhetoric_.
A trope is a movynge and changynge of a worde or sentence, from thyr owne significacion into another which may agree with it by a similitude.
Henry Peacham's _Garden of Eloquence, Conteyning the Figures of Grammer and Rhetoric_ (1577) likewise deals only with the rhetorical figures.
If a poet followed these rules and modeled his poem on great poems of classical antiquity, some critics suggested, he could not go far wrong.
The important thing is that Sidney instituted a tendency toward classicism which during the next fifty years established itself in criticism.
Rhetorical Elements in Later English Classicism   From Puttenham to Bacon no serious contributions were made to the general theory of poetry.
Such contaminations of poetic by rhetoric as are clearest seem to arise not from the new Italian influence, but from the mediaeval tradition.
For instance, the poets feign that King Atlas bore the heavens on his shoulders, meaning only that he was unusually versed in high astronomy.
Have you not reason to waye that whatsoever ether Virgil   did write of his gnatt or Ovid of his fley was all covertly to declare   abuse?...
Officium autem poetae in eo est ut ea, quae vere gesta sunt, in alias species obliquis figurationibus cum decore aliquo conversa transducant.
We ourselves remained for a few moments to bid good-by to our hospitable friends, and then, once more, continued our journey toward the east.
Her father, who happened to be a naturalized English subject, had applied for the assistance of his adopted country in obtaining her release.
The mistress of the household, being limited in her beverages to tea and soup, would usually make up in quantity what was lacking in variety.
The young officers at once began to discuss their chances for promotion, and the number of decorations to be forthcoming from St. Petersburg.
By the light of the fire curling its smoke upward through the central opening in the roof, it was interesting to note the faces of our hosts.
When awakened near midnight, we found that the savory odor from the huge caldron on the fire had only increased the attraction and the crowd.
A special exhibition on the palace parade-grounds gained for us the valuable favor of one who was only fourth in rank to the emperor himself.
Above on the coffin was perched the usual white rooster, which is supposed to incorporate, during transportation, the spirit of the departed.
The viceroy then asked us to describe the bicycle, and inquired if such a vehicle did not create considerable consternation among the people.
 Sir Timothy Tawdrey is by the wishes of his mother and the lady’s father designed for Celinda, who loves Bellmour, nephew to Lord Plotwell.
Ay, Sir, I that am a Knight--a Man of Parts and Wit, and one that is to be your Brother, and design’d to be the Glory of marrying _Celinda_.
Come, come, approach her; for if you’ll have a Miss, this has all the good Qualities of one--go, go Court her, thou art so bashful--  _Bel_.
My Lord, I hope, ‘tis not his natural Temper; For e’er we parted, from a brutal Rudeness, He grew to all the Softness Grief could dictate.
Here Carlos appears, dressed as the Sultan, with much pomp, and Francisco, overwhelmed with terror, speedily relinquishes Julia to his captor.
Gone--whither is she gone?--it seems she had the Wit to take good Company with her--                      [_The Women go to her, take her up_.
So, so, they’re gone--Come, _Francis_, you shall have the Honour of undressing me for the Encounter; but ‘twill be a sweet one, _Francis_.
Here he encounters Philander and as they are at hot words the King, who has been privy to the whole design, enters and the two are reconciled.
I never thought thou’dst been so great a Villain, To urge me to a crime would damn us all; Why dost thou smile, hast thou done well in this?
I do believe thee, and will tell thee something That past between the Prince and I last night; And then thou wilt conclude me truly miserable.
Sit down and hear me--      [_In a tone like a Spirit, and points to a Chair; soft     Musick begins to play, which continues all this Scene_.
I am resolv’d to marry to morrow--either to the Apothecary or the Farmer, Men I never saw, to be reveng’d on thee, thou termagant Infidel.
This slang word usually means a milksop, but here it is equivalent to ‘a butterfly’, ‘a weathercock’--a man of changeable disposition.
The old Snow Hill, a very narrow and steep highway between Holborn Bridge and Newgate, was cleared away when Holborn Viaduct was made in 1867.
In the fifth edition (1721) of Gherardi’s _Théâtre Italien_ there are far fuller excerpts from the farce than in the first edition (1695).
Why, it was only three weeks that he had been out of a place, and he had received more than he would have been paid in that time by Mr. Tripp.
“But now you know he was not concerned in the robbery you should make reparation.  “I don’t know where he got his money, said Silas.
She is not mean, but is always willing to pay a good price.  “I can manage very comfortably on that sum, said Mrs. Rand, brightening up.
Chester found that his clothing needed replenishing, and ventured to spend five dollars for small articles, such as handkerchiefs, socks, etc.
“This man came here yesterday and declined to pay his rent, because, he said, he had paid it already.  “And I had, said Long, quietly.
He bought himself a new suit, and some other articles which he found he needed, and wrote home to ask his mother if she wished any assistance.
When at leisure, Chester asked:  “Has Mr. Paul Perkins, of Minneapolis, arrived at the hotel?  The clerk looked over the list of arrivals.
He seemed very anxious to show me round the city.  “He would probably have taken you to a gambling house.  “Not if I was in my senses.
Is it likely to be permanent?  “If I lose it I will go back to my old room.  “I am sure I am glad to hear of your good luck, Mr. Rand.
Various questions were asked in relation to the property, and then the lawyer seated himself at a table and wrote the formal part of the will.
“I hear, too, that Chester’s lost his place.  “No; he has left it for a time, but he expects to go back.  “That’s onsartin, too.
If you are not located in the   United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where   you are located before using this eBook.
The young generation glibly makes its own mistakes: and _how_ detestable these new mistakes are, why, only the future will be able to tell us.
Her lungs felt thick and slow, her mind dissolved, she felt she could cling like a bat in the long swoon of the crannied, underworld darkness.
The craving that possessed her as it possesses everybody, in a greater or less degree, in those parts, sustained her darkly and unconsciously.
The balcony or covered terrace—James settled down at last to the word _terrace_—was to be one of the features of the house: _the_ feature.
I’ll get the figures by tonight.  The younger man’s tone was a little off-hand, just a little supercilious with her father, she thought.
Perhaps as a matter of fact fish do actually pronounce streams of watery words, to which we, with our aerial-resonant ears, are deaf for ever.
She tried to keep the effect light and kaleidoscopic, an interplay of tossed pieces of strong, hot colour, vibrating and lightly intermingled.
Isn’t that plain? And she went off into her hurried laugh, partly at herself, partly at Arthur, partly at Albert, partly at Miss Pinnegar.
“Would you like also biscuits with your coffee, the two of you? she said, with an amiable intonation which her strange black looks belied.
During the course of the morning Mrs. Rollings came up and said that the Italian from last week had come, and could he speak to Miss Houghton.
He turned and looked down the dark yard, towards the gate where he could just see the pale grey tire of his bicycle, and the yellow mud-guard.
Madame was darting her black eyes here and there, behind her spotted veil, and standing with the ostensible self-possession of her profession.
But then she threw her scruples to the wind, and descended into the staring, Sunday afternoon street, attended by Ciccio, who carried her bag.
Miss Pinnegar, a poor, patch-cheeked, rather round-backed figure with grey-brown fringe, stood as if she did not quite know what to say or do.
He smiled at her—but there was a faint, poignant sadness and remoteness in him, a beauty of old fatality, and ultimate indifference to fate.
I think so! And again he laid his hand on the pile of papers under the paper-weight, and ran through the edges with the tips of his fingers.
Do you want her to be with you _every minute_?  He smiled a little contemptuously, awkwardly, and turned aside his face, glancing at Alvina.
They were there to catch the boat—and she, for dilatoriness, was an hour late, and she could see the broad stern of the steamer not far off.
Going to Italy—! And then profound and meaningful nods, which she could not interpret, but which were fraught surely with good-fellowship.
The second great post-omnibus rolled away, and then the one for Mola followed, rolling Alvina and Ciccio over the next stage of their journey.
There was in the man a sort of sulphur-yellow flame of passion which would light up in his battered body and give him an almost diabolic look.
Sometimes she felt she would shriek and go mad, so strong was the influence on her, something pre-world and, it seemed to her now, vindictive.
If you are not located in the   United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where   you are located before using this eBook.
Heirs shall be married without disparagement, yet so that before the marriage takes place the nearest in blood to that heir shall have notice.
Heirs shall be married without disparagement, yet so that before the marriage takes place the nearest in blood to that heir shall have notice.
If you are not located in the   United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where   you are located before using this eBook.
The sentence or period was considered more rhythmically than logically, and subdivided in speech into rhythmical parts called commas and cola.
Furthermore, great care should be taken to avoid hiatus between words, as when the first word ends and the word following begins with a vowel.
Alcidamas reproaches Isocrates because his discourses, so elaborately worked out with polished diction, are more akin to poetry than to prose.
Plato's moral standard of poetry is even better illustrated, perhaps, by the kind of poetry which he does not ban from his ideal commonwealth.
For some men _distort_ these stories and _pervert_ them into allegories or what the men of old times called hidden meanings ὑπόνοιαι.
St. Augustine was a professor of rhetoric and the author of a treatise on aesthetics before he wrote the _City of God_, and his _Confessions_.
We went to Constantinople by vessel in the spring, crossed the Bosporus in April, and began the long journey described in the following pages.
In consequence, the top of Ararat is usually—during the summer months, at least—obscured by clouds from some time after dawn until sunset.
Not a sound was heard, except the heavy breathing of some of the slumbering animals about us, or the bark of a dog at some distant encampment.
It was to them that the mutessarif had desired us to go, but we had subsequently determined to make the ascent directly from the Turkish side.
Striking against some projecting ledge, it would bound a hundred feet or more into the air, and then drop out of sight among the clouds below.
Our Russian friends persuaded us to take advantage of the Transcaspian railway, and not to hazard a journey across the dreaded Kara-Kum sands.
The chief advanced with _amans_ of welcome, and the heavy-matted curtains in the kibitka doorway were raised, as we passed, in token of honor.
It was some time before the idea flashed across our minds that this might indeed be the mysterious Ling Darin about whom we had heard so much.
There was no such thing as steel to be found in the country, no tools fit to work with, and no one who knew the first principles of soldering.
Being seldom more than eight or ten feet wide, the wheeled traffic is conducted by means of sidings, like the “stations in the Suez Canal.
We replied that we usually traveled in China under the _nom de Chinois_, _yang queedza_ (the foreign devils), alias _yeh renn_ (the wild men).
No, no, thou’rt modest; that is to say, a Country Gentleman; that is to say, ill-bred; that is to say, a Fool, by Fortune, as the World goes.
Your Mistress is not so divine as I, And shou’d I, ‘gainst himself, believe the Man Who first inspir’d my Heart with Love’s soft Flame?
--But this is not the way to thrive in Wickedness; I must rush on to Ruin--Come, fair Mistress, Will you not shew me some of your Arts of Love?
This is something--Oh, I’m impatient to be with her--Well, I must in, and make some Lye to _Betty_ for my Absence, and be with you presently.
Do what thou wilt, for I am sure thou’rt honest, And I’ll resign my Sister to thy Conduct, Whilst I endeavour the Conversion of my Brother.
Faith, Madam, I hope to live to see a more comical end of your Amours--but see where your amiable Spouse comes with Don _Baltazer_ your Father.
One single push wou’d do’t, and _Julia’s_ mine;--but, hang’t, Adultery is a less sin than Murder, and I will wait my Fortune.--  _Ant_.
A small rasher of delicate Bacon, Sirrah--of about a Pound, or two, with a small Morsel of Bread--round the Loaf, d’ye hear, quickly, Slaves.
I am so frighted with this relation, that I must up to my Wife’s Chamber for a little of that strong Cordial that recovered her this morning.
Ah, dear _Antonio_, I vow and swear I cannot chuse but weep to lose thee; but my Daughter was born for a Lady, and none can help their destiny.
O thou dear witness of those charming Hours, How do I bless thee, how am I pleas’d to view thee After a tedious Age of Six Months Banishment.
Dear’s its nown dear Fubs; buss again, buss again, away, away--ods bobs, I long for Night--look, look, Sir _Cautious_, what an Eye’s there!
Pray, let his Worship know, I shall be proud of the Honour of his Acquaintance; but, Sir, my Mistress and the Parson wait in _Ned’s_ Chamber.
What gave him twenty thousand Crowns a year, But that which made me captive to _Erminia_, Almighty Love, of which thou say’st he is ignorant?
Come out with it, I see thy breast heave with a generous ardour, As if it scorn’d to harbour a reserve, Which stood not with its Amity to me.
But of all my Lovers, I am for the Farmer’s Son, because he keeps a Calash--and I’ll swear a Coach is the most agreeable thing about a Man.
In the first draft Friendlove was called Dresswell, and in altering the nomenclature of the character Mrs. Behn forgot to make the change here.
All former editions mark the locale as ‘The Street.’ But this is obviously wrong from the sitting, dancing and whole business of the scene.
He is said to have remained on the stage for the extraordinary period of sixty-five years, and to have played within a few months of his death.
About this time there was a famous Puppet Show in Salisbury Change which was so frequented that the actors were reduced to petition against it.
Canons were the immense and exaggerated breeches, adorned with ribbons and richest lace, which were worn by the fops of the court of Louis XIV.
“I couldn’t work for two dollars and a half.  “He’s only goin’ to give me two and a quarter.  “You can afford to work for that.
“Well, I calculate—real estate’s very low at present—three hundred and fifty dollars would be a fair price.  Mrs. Rand looked amazed.
If it had not been a cold evening, Mrs. Rand, who disliked tobacco, would have asked him to smoke out of doors, but as it was she tolerated it.
Do you want to see him?  “Well, Mr. Tripp wants to see him.  “Possibly he wants Chester to give him a little extra help, she thought.
I can’t afford to pay such prices as you receive from _Puck_ and other periodicals of the same class, but then the work will not be original.
Now, shall we go back to my room, or would you like to take a walk and see something of the city?  The unanimous decision was for the stroll.
She owes six dollars rent, and only brings three dollars and a half.  “How is this, Mrs. Carlin? inquired Mr. Fairchild, for this was he.
Mullins, did Mr. Long come to the office on the day when he says he paid the rent?  “Yes, sir.  “And he didn’t pay it?  “No, sir.
Do you know whom he is walking with?  Chester glanced at a rather flashily dressed individual who was walking arm in arm with the bookkeeper.
“I say, boy, said Ralston, “you’re employed by Fairchild, the real estate man, ain’t you?  “Yes, sir, answered Chester, coldly.
He went the next day to the office of _The Phoenix_, and after delivering his sketches, said: “I should like leave of absence for two months.
“Are there any particular societies which you would wish to remember, Mrs. Trimble?  “I leave the choice to my executor, said the lady.
And then, on Friday evening, thin and alert he hovered behind the counter, his coat shabbily buttoned over his narrow chest, his face agitated.
She declared he had dark blood in his veins, that he was not a man to be trusted, and that never, never would he make any woman’s life happy.
_That’s_ the point.  The way Miss Frost put the question implied that Alvina did not and could not love him—because Miss Frost could not.
Sometimes her blood really came up in the fight, and she felt as if, with her hands, she could tear any man, any male creature, limb from limb.
He was like a bird that has flown into a room and is exhausted, enfeebled by its attempts to fly through the false freedom of the window-glass.
She even did not resent Alvina’s laughing attempts to draw out the clumsy Arthur: because Alvina was a lady, and her tactics must be studied.
And again he did the same thing, he took her hand as if it were a plaster, and applied it to his wound, pressing it cautiously but firmly down.
Far better be a slave outright, in contact with all the whims and impulses of a human being, than serve some mechanical routine of modern work.
But nowadays you may look for them with a microscope, they are so worn-down by the regular machine-friction of our average and mechanical days.
Why _shouldn’t_ we handle it properly!  “Oh, we shall manage that, we shall manage that, came the quick, slightly husky voice of James.
He pasted up notices all over the window and all over the shop: “Take what you want and Pay what you Like.  He and Miss Pinnegar kept shop.
As she slipped across in front of the audience, to the piano, to play the seductive “Dream Waltz! she looked almost fussy, like her father.
Because they make them feel that they are everything.  “The pictures make the colliers and lasses feel that they themselves are everything?
She would have thrown aside her coverings and gasped into the cold air, if Alvina had not pressed her down with that soft, inevitable pressure.
“Without Madame— he lifted his shoulders and spread his hands and tilted his brows—“fool’s play, you know.  “No, said Alvina.
He put his head on one side and tilted his brows, as if to say “What are you to do? And the smile on his mouth was sad, fine, and charming.
Ciccio halted, rested his lance against a lamp-post, switched his green blanket from beneath him, flung it round him as he sat, and darted off.
Whilst Miss Pinnegar and her father sat frowsily on for ever, eating their toast and cutting off the crust, and sipping their third cup of tea.
When she went up to talk to him, he answered in his stupid fashion, with a smile of the mouth and no change of the eyes, saying nothing at all.
She noticed how the fine black hair of his head showed no parting at all—it just grew like a close cap, and was pushed aside at the forehead.
“And so—when they have a chance to come up— she raised her hand with a spring—“they are very conceited, and they take their chance.
The lawyer came, the clergyman came, her cousin came, the old, stout, prosperous tradesmen of Woodhouse came, Mr. May came, Miss Pinnegar came.
And you think a hundred and twenty pounds is enough?  “What for?  “To satisfy Ciccio.  “I wasn’t thinking of him, cried Alvina.
The white daughter has entered the tribe of the Hirondelles, swallows that pass from land to land, and build their nests between roof and wall.
Do you agree?  “Yes.  “Then listen. Madame primmed and preened herself like a black pigeon, and darted glances out of her black eyes.
One blood, in two bodies; one stream, in two valleys: one lake, between two mountains.  Here Geoffrey gazed with large, heavy eyes on Ciccio.
“Of course, said the lawyer, “any little things to which you may be attached the claimants would no doubt wish you to regard as your own.
But it would be much more maddeningly humiliating to stay in Woodhouse and experience the full flavour of Woodhouse’s calculated benevolence.
“But whatever you do, pronounced Miss Pinnegar; “whatever you do, and however you strive, in this life, you’re knocked down in the end.
And Dr. Mitchell’s heart expanded in his bosom till he felt it would burst, unless he either fell at her feet or did something extraordinary.
And he fell on his knees before her, as she backed against the bookcase, and he caught hold of the edge of her dress-bottom, drawing it to him.
And inside a courteous tall old man with a white beard had lifted the flap for Alvina to go inside the office and sit down to fill in the form.
Ciccio came out with the baggage, and by the light of the lantern the things were slung on either side of the ass, in a rather precarious heap.
Sometimes she would go gathering acorns, large, fine acorns, a precious crop in that land where the fat pig was almost an object of veneration.
And even as he turned to look for her, she felt a strange thrilling in her bowels: a sort of trill strangely within her, yet extraneous to her.
She saw Pancrazio carrying the skins to the little cart, which was tilted up under a small, pale-stemmed tree on the platform above the valley.
And then, with a swift, intimate handshake to the group with whom he had been engaged, he came away, putting all his interest off from himself.
They had wonderful dark stripes running up their cheeks, the crocuses, like the clear proud stripes on a badger’s face, or on some proud cat.
(27) If a free man dies intestate, his movable goods are to be distributed by his next-of-kin and friends, under the supervision of the Church.
All counties, hundred, wapentakes, and trithings (except our demesne manors) shall remain at the old rents, and without any additional payment.
In the _Psychology_ Aristotle states that all stimuli received by the senses at the moment of perception are impressed upon the mind as in wax.
Poetry, dancing, and music he classifies together because they use the similar media of rhythm, language, or harmony either singly or combined.
The rhythm of prose upon which classical treatises on style lavished such enthusiastic pains is practically ignored in those English treatises.
When he does discuss the subject-matter of poetry, instead of emphasizing the seriousness of content, he talks about his mistress' cristal eye.
Hence hee is called a _Poet_, not he which   writeth in measure only, but that fayneth and formeth a fable, and   writes things like the truth.
This latter rhetorical view that the poet's office is to persuade will be studied more fully in the following section on The Purpose of Poetry.
But neither the hedonism of Aristotle, nor his defense of poetry on moral grounds through his theory of katharsis, is usual in Greek criticism.
As Vossler has shown, theology and philosophy furnished, during the middle ages, the subject matter of poetry; they were the _utile_ of Horace.
Aside from his emphasizing allegory, which Plutarch had rejected, Webbe is thus closer to the doctrines of Plutarch than he is to the Italians.
Yet it is in historical poetry, which may indifferently be wholly true, wholly false, or a mixture, the moral effect of example is most potent.
A valuable edition of the text accompanied by translation and critical apparatus, was published by W. Rhys Roberts, Cambridge University Press.
On reaching London we had formed the plan of penetrating the heart of the Asiatic continent, instead of skirting its more civilized coast-line.
Their costume is most primitive both in style and material; the trousers and caps being made of sheepskin and the tunic of plaited wheat-straw.
We should exercise reason always, and have charity for other people’s opinions.  From charity the conversation naturally turned to justice.
Supper over, we squatted round a slow-burning fire, on the thick felt mats which served as carpets, drank tea, and smoked the usual cigarettes.
One thing was certain, the muleteer could go no farther up the mountain, and yet he was mortally afraid to return alone to the Kurdish robbers.
We struck out at once across the broad snow-field to the second rock rib on the right, which seemed to lead up to the only line of rocks above.
Cautiously we proceed, with cat-like tread, following directly in one another’s footsteps, and holding on to our alpenstocks like grim death.
They had come up from the encampment early in the morning, and had been scanning the mountain all day long to get some clue to our whereabouts.
We found that we had been expected several days before, and that quarters had been prepared for us in the postal station at the town of Suidun.
He counseled us to conceal the weapons we were carrying in our belts, for fear the sight of them should incite the mob to some act of violence.
We heard of a boy named the abstract numeral, “sixty-five, because his grandfather happened to reach that age on the very day of his birth.
We did not heed the hinted requests of the visiting officials for a moon-light exhibition, nor go to the inn-door to bow them respectfully out.
We merely replied that we believed Russia was seldom known to hold aloof from anything of value, which she thought she could get with impunity.
He is followed by his sister disguised as a boy, and upon Friendlove’s drawing on Bellmour a scuffle ensues which, however, ends without harm.
Ay, Sir, this same Sister of his you must have; if it be but to put this insolent Whore _Flauntit_ out of favour, who manages this Fop intirely.
Command our Slaves to give us some diversion; Dismiss his Chains, and use him with respect, because he was the Husband of our beloved _Sultana_.
Sir Feeble and Sir Cautious are at length obliged to acquiesce in the existing state of things and to resign their ladies to their two gallants.
During the summer season of 1718 there was, on 24 July, a revival, ‘not acted twenty years,’ of this witty comedy at Lincoln’s Inn Fields.
To see thee pass they throng the Plain;     The Groves with Flowers are strown,   And every young and envying Swain     Wishes the hour his own.
Madam, I was sent after you; my Lady _Fulbank_ has challeng’d Sir _Feeble_ at Bowls, and stakes a Ring of fifty Pound against his new Chariot.
--Blest be this kind Retreat, this ‘lone Occasion, That lends a short Cessation to my Torments, And gives me leave to vent my Sighs and Tears.
For I have e’en no better luck than either of you--Let our two Fates warn your approaching one: I love young _Bredwel_ and must plead for him.
This is, however, far from saying that it is not a very good example of the Davenant, Howard, Porter, Stapylton school of romantic tragi-comedy.
Yes, _Olinda_, and you shall know its meaning; I love _Alcander_, and am not asham’d o’th’ secret, But prithee do not tell him what I say.
Blest be those Stars that first conducted me to so much Worth and Virtue; you are their Darling, Sir, for whom they wear their brightest Lustre.
Ever since you turn’d Farmer.--Are not you a damn’d Rogue to put these Tricks upon me, and most dishonourably break all Articles between us?
These Stories are the Fantoms of mad Brains, To puzzle Fools withal--the Wise laugh at ‘em-- Come, Sir, you shall no longer be impos’d upon.
Roger North says that the Tories nicknamed the opposite party ’.Birmingham_ Protestants, alluding to the false groats struck at that place’.
Florio, _Worlds of Wordes_ (1593): ‘To lay to pawne, as we say, to lay in Lavender.’ Ben Jonson, _Every Man out of his Humour_, Act iii, sc.
A very common error for the legal term ’.ivery of seisin’ which signifies the delivery of property into the corporal possession of a person.
“I shall certainly ask more than that for it, as I don’t approve of cheapening artistic labor.  The rest of the evening passed pleasantly.
I’m his only relation, and it is right that I should have it.  “You shall have it if you will pay the expense of his illness.  “Humph!
Does Mr. Tripp suspect anybody?  “Yes, he does.  “Who is it?  “He thinks you done it.  Chester stopped abruptly and looked amazed.
You would be more favorably placed for disposing of your     sketches, and would find more subjects in a large city than in a     small village.
“Then Wednesday evening let it be!  As the train neared New York Chester began to be solicitous about finding Mr. Conrad in waiting for him.
“No, sir.  “It’s queer he should have engaged you as office boy.  Chester did not think it necessary to make any reply to this remark.
“Yes, sir.  “I am the friend of Chester Rand.  “I don’t think I know Mr. Rand, said Mrs. Long, who had not heard Chester’s name.
“Did Ernest ever see him before, sir?  “No; it seems to be a case of love at first sight.  “He has cut me out, said Arthur, smiling.
“I think I can promise you that you will not be disappointed in me.  “Of course Mr. Mullins must not know of the understanding between us.
I asked because we want to get out the first number as soon as possible.  “I have one sketch and have several ideas jotted down.  “Good!
I venture to say that within the year, besides the regular dividend, there will be an extra dividend of five per cent., making fifteen per cent.
His business is against him, though he would drink even if he didn’t keep a saloon.  “Does he treat my mother well?  “I think he does.
“You seem to have a good and sympathetic heart.  “Yes, ma’am, replied Floyd; “that is my weakness.  “Don’t call it a weakness!
It does you credit.  Mr. Floyd exchanged a sly glance of complacency with Abner Trimble, who was pleased that his agent got off so creditably.
The whole town of women, colliers’ wives and all, held its breath as it saw a chance of one of these daughters of comfort and woe getting off.
He hit upon the brilliant idea of working up his derelict fabrics into ready-mades: not men’s clothes, oh no: women’s, or rather, ladies’.
“I can’t stay here all my life, she declared, stretching her eyes in a way that irritated the other inmates of Manchester House extremely.
Horrid, vast, stony, dilapidated, crumbly-stuccoed streets and squares of Islington, grey, grey, greyer by far than Woodhouse, and interminable.
An old maid along with Cassie Allsop!—and James Houghton fooling about with the last bit of money, mortgaging Manchester House up to the hilt.
She could never get over the feeling that he was mouthing and smiling at her through the glass wall of an aquarium, he being on the watery side.
He had his family to keep—and though his honesty was of the variety sort, he had a heavy conscience in the direction of his wife and daughter.
And all she could say was, ‘Well, I didn’t want to waste it!’ Didn’t want to waste her old carrot water, and so _ruined_ my champignons.
“And that is Francesco—Frank— Francesco gave a faint curl of his lip, half smile, as he saluted her involuntarily in a military fashion.
He rises, and stands trying to lift his numbed and powerless arms, while the bear slowly crushes Ciccio, and Kishwégin kneels over her husband.
“He seems so sensitive.  “In England, he answered suddenly, “horses live a long time, because they _don’t_ live—never alive—see?
And so they like them, and they don’t like us, because they must _feel_ the things we do, from the heart, and appreciate them from the spirit.
Alvina drank her tea, took a little breakfast, and went to bed at about nine o’clock in the morning, leaving James in charge of Miss Pinnegar.
“And now, children, unless the Sheffield policeman will knock at our door, we must retire to our wigwams all—  Ciccio was watching Alvina.
Madame turning back the green leaves of a leek, and hunting a speck of earth down into the white, like a flea in a bed, was too much for Alvina.
“It’s a bad job it isn’t yours, for certain, he said, as they entered the living-room, where Miss Pinnegar sat cutting bread and butter.
The drawing-room door opened, and the dumpy, hulked, faded woman in a black serge dress stood like a rather squat avenging angel in the doorway.
For this afternoon she was feeling unaccountably uneasy and wistful, yearning into the distance again: a trick she thought she had happily lost.
A big, well-to-do man in a navy blue suit, of handsome appearance, aged fifty-three, with white teeth and a delicate stomach: it _was_ exciting.
Pity for his shame, however, kept her silent, motionless and silent in his arms, smothered against the blue-serge waistcoat of his broad breast.
Nothing shall be removed until the whole debt is paid, when the residue shall be given over to the executors to carry out the dead man’s will.
The interpretation of the critical terms used by the literary critics of the English renaissance must depend largely on the classical tradition.
It is assisted by art through the appropriate use of figures, noble diction, and dignified and spirited composition of the words into sentences.
Horace further warns his pupils to restrict the number of acts to the conventional five, and the number of characters to the conventional three.
These passages were commonly taken from the poets, whose art was thus considered mainly as an art of words and applied to the art of the orator.
Illustrative of this tendency is the fact that the only surviving rhetorical work by the Venerable Bede is a treatise on the rhetorical figures.
Yet had Ascham not been a friend of Sturm's, it might not have been heard of in England as early as 1570, when the _Scholemaster_ was published.
Lest some devout reader should take literally the love poetry of the Canticles, the fathers allegorized it as the love of Christ for his Church.
Poesy is a dulcet and gentle _Philosophy_, which leades on and guides us by the hand to Action with a ravishing delight and incredible Sweetnes.
It was already dusk when we reached the outskirts of the village, where we were at once spied by a young man who was driving in the lowing herd.
The news was spread throughout the village, and soon an excited throng came in with our bicycles borne upon the shoulders of two powerful Turks.
Coffee is served; then a cigarette rolled up and handed to the “guest, while the various social and other local topics are freely discussed.
No sooner were the viands intrusted to the care of our hosts, than two sets of pots and kettles made their appearance in the other compartments.
The huge dome of Ararat, though six to eight miles farther up the slope, seemed to be towering over us like some giant monster of another world.
At last the light of a lantern illumined the crevices in the weather-beaten doors, and a weird-looking face appeared through the midway opening.
As soon as we entered a village, the blacksmith left his anvil, the carpenter his bench, the storekeeper his counter, and the milkmaid her task.
Although built by the Chinese, who call it Nin-yuan, Kuldja, with its houses of beaten earth, strongly resembles the towns of Russian Turkestan.
The doors and windows of our apartments had been blocked with boxes, bales of cotton, and huge cart-wheels to keep out the irrepressible throng.
Lice and fleas seem to be the _sine qua non_ of Chinese life, and in fact the itching with some seems to furnish the only occasion for exercise.
Much ingenuity has been displayed in overcoming the difficulties offered to free communication by the perpendicular walls of these yellow lands.
No, I had rather feed coarsely upon the boundless Common; perhaps two or three days I may be in love, and remain constant, but that’s the most.
Hang him, he’ll ne’er meet thee; to beat a Watch, or kick a Drawer, or batter Windows, is the highest pitch of Valour he e’er arriv’d to.
I have done what Man can do (without doing what I wou’d do) and still she’s Flint; nothing will down with her but Matrimony--what shall I do?
But to our own Affairs, my dearest _Clara_, Let us not lose this blessed opportunity, Which Art nor Industry can give again if this be idly lost.
I’ll about it then, the Priest waits within for you, and _Guzman_ for you, _Jacinta_,--haste, for he is to arrive anon Ambassador from _Cadiz_.
Gayman now visits Lady Fulbank and gives her some account of his adventures with the she-devil, all of which he half jestingly ascribes to magic.
In Act V, IV, Alexis says to Viola: ‘As for you Madam bread and water, and a dark chamber shall be your lot--’ but Sebastian (Bannister, jun.
The piece is farcical and improbable, but has some good things, and is admirably acted.’ Those ‘good things’ are entirely due to Mrs. Behn.
Gots so, go to, Rogue, go to, that shall be, Knave, that shall be the morrow morning; he--ods bobs, we’ll do’t, Sweet heart; here’s to’t.
Thou call’st in vain, fond Wretch--for I am _Bellmour_,    _Whom first thou robb’st of Fame and Life,   And then what dearer was,--his Wife_.
Four years later, 6 February, 1721, they were acting the same rôles at this theatre, with Mrs. Cross as Bellemante, and Quin, Ryan, in the cast.
Seignior, she’s much honour’d in the Overture, and my Abilities shall not be wanting to fix the Concord.--But have you been a Traveller, Sir?
“I hope you’ll get work soon, Chester.  “Thank you.  Chester made his way homeward, as he did not care to carry the pie about with him.
Why compare with this the hours of toil in a grocery store—seventy, at least—which had been necessary to earn the small sum of three dollars.
“I thought Mr. Tripp pretty close, but Job Dexter beats him.  In the meantime he met Abel Wood carrying groceries to a family in the village.
So you are just beginning the battle of life?  “Yes, sir.  “It has just occurred to me that I may be able to throw some work in your way.
“Why, I did not think the whole house would cost as much—for rent.  “You will get a more correct idea of New York expenses after a while.
In twenty minutes after locking the office he found himself in front of a large tenement house, which was occupied by a great number of families.
If you had not been in my employ so long, I would discharge you at the end of this week.  Mullins went back to his desk, crushed and mortified.
Chester opened the door and found himself in the presence of a man of about forty, with a profusion of brown hair shading a pleasant countenance.
Felix, with a look of relief, took the three parcels and dropped them carelessly in the side pocket of his sack coat, and put the bills in loose.
“I suppose you don’t care to come back to the office, Chester? said Mr. Fairchild, when Chester called upon him the next day at the office.
The mailing clerk has got a better place, and that makes an opening for you.  “And I owe this good fortune to you, said Edward, gratefully.
Here lies the danger; and I think     I ought to warn you of it, for your presence here is needed to     defeat your stepfather’s wicked plans.
He knows the way, and can look after you.  Chester was secretly of opinion that he was more competent to look after Edward, but did not say so.
Many of the places have grown considerably, though it is only two years since I came from Portland.  Chester made some agreeable acquaintances.
You have five lots, have you not?  “Yes, sir.  “If you sell three to the hotel company you can hold the other two five years if you like.
I will gladly repay you for the money you disbursed on his account.  “I was very glad to stand his friend, sir, returned Chester, modestly.
I’m sorry for the widder Rand, but she’s sot too much on that boy, and thought there wasn’t no other boy in Wyncombe that was equal to him.
It was simply an implicit correspondence between their two psyches, an immediacy of understanding which preceded all expression, tacit, wireless.
I’m sure I shan’t burn that muck, and smother myself with white ash.  It was in the early Throttle-Ha’penny days that Mrs. Houghton died.
She found herself in a night where the little man loomed large, terribly large, potent and magical, while Miss Frost had dwindled to nothingness.
Fate had been too strong for her and her desires: fate which was not an external association of forces, but which was integral in her own nature.
Where are the foreigners coming here for business, where’s our lace-trade and our stocking-trade?  “There _are_ business men, said James.
She was born in Rome, where I was managing for Miss Maud Callum, the _danseuse_.  Curious the intimacy Mr. May established with Alvina at once.
Max, the tall, highly-coloured Swiss, turned to her, saying:  “Yes, you must have your temperature taken, and then we s’ll know, shan’t we.
And almost inevitably the old Woodhouse feeling began to steal over her, she was glad they could not see her, she was a little ashamed of Ciccio.
I want you to come here and be happy: with me. He added the two last words as a sort of sly post-scriptum, and as if to commit himself finally.
But then a long, slow look from her remote blue eyes brought him up sharp, and he envied Ciccio suddenly, he was almost in love with her himself.
In a state of semi-stupefaction after all the questionings and examinings and blusterings, they were finally allowed to go straight across Paris.
Again the same performance, the white muzzle of the ass stooping down to sniff the water suspiciously, his hind-quarters tilted up with the load.
He took a frying-pan, found lard in the wooden chest—it was the food-chest—and proceeded to fry pieces of meat in a frying-pan over the fire.
This is good pedagogy, for advice as to how to improve sentences or verses is appropriate only after the sentences have been planned and written.
Thus it is difficult to tell whether the _Rhetoric_ required to be read by Oxford students in the fifteenth century[170] is the one or the other.
From the eighth century until Poggio discovered the complete manuscript at St. Gall in 1416, the world knew only mutilated fragments of the text.
Following Quintilian, he classifies literature into _genres_ of poetry, history, philosophy, and oratory, each with its appropriate subdivisions.
Thomas Wilson, although he wrote a rhetoric, wrote a better one in many ways because he was not a professional rhetorician, but a man of affairs.
It was to justify poetry against the attacks of Plato that Aristotle advanced a hedonistic view of poetry and propounded his theory of katharsis.
When the student left school he continued to seek means of persuasion in canvassing votes, pleading in the courts, or deliberating in the senate.
Instead of feigning pleasant and covert fables, they spend their time in vanity, making ballades of fervent love and such like tales and trifles.
His only reference to either example or allegory is in a passage where he recommends methods of avoiding triteness in the praise of his mistress.
Plutarch believed that poetry gained this end by enunciating moral and philosophical _sententiae_, not by allegory, which Plutarch made sport of.
Our guide to the road to Ismid was the little twelve-year-old son of an Armenian doctor, whose guests we had been during our sojourn in Stamboul.
As a test of his faith we have often seen him lading up drinking-water from a stream where the women were washing clothes just a few yards above.
Since separating from our companions we had found no water whatever, while the single bottle of cold tea we had must be preserved for the morrow.
The whole was incased in a mass of huge fantastic icicles, which, glittering in the sunlight, gave it the appearance of a natural crystal palace.
On dismounting, we learned that a harbinger had been sent by the khan, the evening before, to have a guard ready to join us as we passed through.
Footsore and hungry, with an almost intolerable thirst, we trudged along till morning, to the ding-dong, ding-dong of the deep-toned camel-bells.
The felt covering was drawn over the central opening, and propped up at one end with a pole to emit the clouds of smoke from the smoldering fire.
The orphan asylum, a magnificent three-story structure, is now being built on experimental lines, to test its strength against earthquake shocks.
The Mohammedan mosques of this people are like the Chinese pagodas in outward appearance, while they seem to be Chinese in half-Kirghiz garments.
“Ah, yes, we thought; “ ‘All’s well that ends well,’ but this is only the beginning.    [Illustration: THE CUSTOM-HOUSE AT KULDJA.]
According to the latest issue of the Turkestan ‘Gazette,’ the telegraph-line from Peking has been brought as far west as the city of Kashgar.
The goal of our three-thousand-one-hundred-and-sixteen-mile journey was now before us, and the work of the seventy-first riding day almost ended.
Sir Timothy, induced by old Trusty, begins a warm courtship of Phillis, and arranges with a parasite named Sham to deceive her by a mock marriage.
Faith, Mistress, I took pity of thee, I saw you so elevated with Thoughts of Mr. _Bellmour_, I found it necessary to take you down a degree lower.
I must confess I am of your mind, and therefore have been studying a Revenge, sutable to the Affront: and if I can judge any thing, I have hit it.
That I am in health,--very well, I was afraid he wou’d have been harping upon my Wife in the first place--the Devil take her, she looks for’t.
Now Love and wild Desire prompt me to kill this happy Rival,-- he’s old, and can’t be long in his Arrears to Nature.--What if I paid the debt?
the Monster, that dares lay claim to her I deign to love,--none answer me,--I’ll make him smoak, by _Vulcan_--and all the rest of the Goddesses.
Mr. _Crap_, being busy with a borrowing Lord, sent me to Mr. _Wasteall_, whose Lodging is in a nasty Place called _Alsatia_, at a Black-Smith’s.
Come, come--let’s in then--Gentlemen and Ladies, And share to day my Pleasures and Delight, But-- Adds bobs, they must be all mine own at Night.
What--I’m not discreet enough; I’ll babble all in my next high Debauch, Boast of your Favours, and describe your Charms To every wishing Fool.
Ay, Sir, thereupon I laugh’d, thereupon he grew angry--I laugh’d at his Resentment, and thereupon we drew, and this was the high Quarrel, Sir.
Not_ Rome _in all her happiest Pomp cou’d show   | A greater_ Caesar _than we boast of now_;        | Augustus _reigns, but Poets still are low.
Shadwell’s The True Widow (1678), Act iv, I. Prig in the theatre says: ’.ou shall see what tricks I’ll play; ‘faith I love to be merry’.
and Froger, _Voyages_ (1698): ‘Their ordinary Arms are the Hanger, the Sagary (assagai), which is a very light Half-Pike.’  p. 245 _Geometry_.
‘To have an M under (or by) the Girdle’ was a proverbial expression = to have a courteous address by using the titles Mr., Mrs., Miss, &c. cf.
Nahum Tate has a farce, borrowed from _Eastward Hoe_ and _The Devil’s an Ass_, entitled _Cuckold’s Haven; or, An Alderman no Conjuror_ (1685).
Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)
I dunno but I’d better send the constable after him.  “Shall I carry him his handkerchief?  “No, and don’t tell him it’s been found.
I understand _Puck_ pays for everything it publishes.  “Yes, sir; I got ten dollars.  “Ten dollars! repeated the gentleman, in surprise.
I suppose you don’t know much about New York?  “I know nothing at all.  “I am pretty well posted, and I come into the city pretty often.
“You have carried out my wishes.  “Then you are satisfied, sir?  “Entirely.  “I am very glad, said Chester, with an air of relief.
“It is clear that you are too high priced for the real estate business.  “Felix tells me you may retain him.  “I will give him a chance.
Then the same man appeared and again deprived me of my situation.  “How contemptible! ejaculated Chester, with a ring of scorn in his voice.
A lofty one-and-eleven rolled down to six-three, 1/6 magically shrank into 4-3/4d, whilst good solid prints exposed themselves at 3-3/4d per yard.
“I can’t understand that any young girl of any—any upbringing, any upbringing whatever, should want to choose such a—such an—occupation.
A silver sixpence had a pale and celestial radiance which he could not forego, a nebulous whiteness which made him feel he had heaven in his hold.
The way he raised his hat, the way he inclined and smiled flatly, even rather excitedly, as he talked, was all a little discomforting and comical.
“Where we’ve got to make a change, said Albert, “is in the feeling that other people have a right to tell us what we ought to feel and do.
Alvina, who never expected to be interested in clever conversations, after a long experience of her father, found her expectation justified again.
Ach, schon zwanzig           Ach, schon zwanzig Immer noch durch’s Leben tanz’ ich Jeder, Jeder will mich küssen Mir das Leben zu versüssen.
The Skating Rink, like another Charybdis, had all but entangled him in its swirl as he pushed painfully off from the rocks of Throttle-Ha’penny.
Why bless my life, if we can’t manage an audience in Lumley, what _can_ we do.  “We have a guide in the matter of their taste, said James.
And she even noticed, one day when he was curling himself up cosily on the sofa, that he had pale blue silk underwear, and purple silk suspenders.
But then he had to pay off all he had borrowed to buy his erection and its furnishings, and a bulk of pennies sublimated into a very small £.s.d.
It was just like James to have planted his endeavour down in the stagnant dust and rust of potteries and foundries, where no illusion could bloom.
She was a little flushed, as if defiant, while Ciccio sat sheepishly, turning aside his ducked head, the slow, stupid, yet fine smile on his lips.
Alvina had a certain strangeness and brightness, which Madame did not know, and a frankness which the Frenchwoman mistrusted, but found disarming.
It will make all the difference that there is so much cash—yes, so much—  “But would it _really_ make a difference to him? cried Alvina.
And comes the day, should it ever be so, there is no room for you in the tent of Pacohuila, then the lodge of Walgatchka the bear is open for you.
He mustn’t think _I’m_ going to be running after him, if he disobeys my orders. And the doctor stalked off, and the woman began to complain.
“Why did you show him the telegram?  “It was Mrs. Tuke took it.  “Why did you give it her?  “It was she who gave it me, in her room.
Sure enough, they were asking Ciccio in Italian if she was “making him a baby. But he shook his head and did not know, just a bit constrained.
The station-porter immediately threw his coin on the ground with a gesture of indignant contempt, spread his arms wide and expostulated violently.
(38) In future no official shall place a man on trial upon his own unsupported statement, without producing credible witnesses to the truth of it.
* All these customs and liberties that we have granted shall be observed in our kingdom in so far as concerns our own relations with our subjects.
On the other hand he specifically excludes from poetry such scientific works as those of Empedocles and historical writings as those of Herodotus.
The kinds of argument treated in the classical rhetoric were two: the enthymeme, or rhetorical syllogism; and the rhetorical induction or example.
The classical tradition of trial by a large jury, as the Areopagus or the Centumviri, had given place to trial before the regal or manorial court.
Of the three aims of rhetoric which Cicero had phrased as _docere, delectare, et movere_, only the _delectare_ remains in the rhetoric of Lydgate.
Published by Robortelli in Basel in 1554, it was reissued three times, once with a Latin translation, before Langhorne edited it (1636) at Oxford.
Seneca appealed to the renaissance not only on account of his verbal dexterity and point, but also on account of his moral maxims or _sententiae_.
The Euphuistic style, as Morris Croll has pointed out, is more largely than was formerly supposed to be the case, derived from mediaeval rhetoric.
They reconciled Greek literature and the Scriptures by allegorizing both, much as today Darwin and Genesis are reconciled by allegorizing Genesis.
According to the renaissance developments of this last view, allegory was emphasized less and less as the example was felt to be more appropriate.
Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)
We came now to a comparatively smooth, green slope, which led up to the highest Kurdish encampment met on the line of our ascent, about 7500 feet.
We pushed and pulled one another almost to the top, and then, with one more desperate effort, we stood upon a vast and gradually sloping snow-bed.
Five days later we had repassed this spot and were toiling over the sand and saline-covered depression of the great “Han-Hai, or Dried-up Sea.
It was amusing to hear their graphic descriptions of the mysterious “ding, by which they referred to the ring of the cyclometer at every mile.
Famishing with thirst, tired beyond expression, and burning with fever as well as the withering heat, we reached at last the bank of the Su-la-ho.
Our sojourn in this city is especially associated with the three names of Woo, Choo, and Moo—names by no means uncommon in Chinese nomenclature.
Each of its four walls, facing the cardinal points, is over six miles long and is pierced in the center by a monumental gate with lofty pavilions.
On our arrival in Tientsin we called upon the United States Consul, Colonel Bowman, to whom we had brought several letters from friends in Peking.
Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)
No more--by Heaven, if you resist my Will, I’ll make a strange Example of thee, and of that Woman, whoe’er she be, that drew you to this Folly.
Now though I know this to be a damn’d Lye, yet the Devil has assisted her to make it look so like Truth, that I cannot in Honour but forgive her.
--And you shall find your Isabella true,--though the _Grand Seignior_ wou’d lay his Crown at my feet,--wou’d he wou’d try me though--Heavens!
Your Silver Sword I mean--transmogrified to this two-handed Basket Hilt--this old Sir _Guy_ of _Warwick_--which will sell for nothing but old Iron.
Wise Men knowing this, should not expose their Infirmities, by marrying us young Wenches; who, without Instruction, find how we are impos’d upon.
Ods bobs, here’s a Compact amongst the Women--High Treason against the Bridegroom--therefore, Ladies, withdraw, or, adod, I’ll lock you all in.
When she can love to a discovery, It shows her Passion eminent and high; --But I am married--to a Maid that hates me: What help for that, _Pisaro_?
--Thou’st made thy self and me-- Oh, I dare not name the Monsters.-- But I’ll destroy them while the Gods look down, And smile upon my Justice.
Why, that’s it, _Labree_, that I would learn to do, And which I fear, nothing but Poverty will make me do; _Jove_ defend me from that experiment.
and go into my Study, and look over all my Papers, and bring me all those mark’d with a Cross and figure of Three, they concern my Brother and I.
Henry VIII had been put on by Davenant in December, 1663 with a wealth of pomp and expenditure that became long proverbial in the theatrical world.
Recent critics have pertinently suggested that the device of furnishing Loveby with money was the chief hint for which Dryden is indebted to Spain.
It was the most usual form of apology when mentioning anything likely to offend, or naming a word for which excuse was thought proper or necessary.
“Perhaps I may find some work somewhere.  Almost unconsciously, he took the familiar way to the store, and paused at a little distance from it.
If I depended on my law business, I should fare poorly, but thanks to a frugal and industrious father, I have a fair income outside of my earnings.
“Did you really draw this yourself?  “Yes.  “And did you get any money for it?  “Ten dollars, answered Chester, with natural pride.
Herbert Conrad, an artist and draughtsman.  “Never heard of him.  Mr. Mullins spoke as if this was enough to settle the status of Mr. Conrad.
When Chester said he must go home, Arthur put on his hat and proposed to walk with him part of the way, an offer which Chester gratefully accepted.
The old man, looking the picture of despondency in his ragged suit, and with his long, gray locks floating over his shoulders, turned at the words.
Felix spent considerable of his time in the office, spending his time in reading nickel libraries, of which he generally carried a supply with him.
I know something of your famous successes, and I hope next time to approve and buy what you bring me.  Mr. Radcliff seemed only half propitiated.
They are among the best located in the town.  “Would you advise me to keep them or sell if I have the chance?  “To keep them, by all means.
Then they were whirled onward to St. Paul and Minneapolis, and later on over the broad plains of North Dakota and through the mountains of Montana.
Did he have that much?  “I think he did, Mr. Tripp.  “He’d better have put it in a savings bank and come back to Wyncombe to work for me.
I go back to work next week.  “How much pay do you get?  “Thirty dollars a week.  “Don’t try to fool me! said Silas, with asperity.
We have never forgotten your kindness to me in my time of need.  A month since Mr. Fairchild was surprised by receiving a remittance from Tacoma.
No doubt he hopped or skipped himself with satisfaction into the monstrous matrimonial bed: it could only be mounted by means of a stool and chair.
But sometimes the grey eyes would open and smile with delicate winsomeness at Alvina, and Alvina smiled back, with a cheery, answering winsomeness.
In the immediate foreground, to be sure, would be the yard of the livery-stables and the rather slummy dwellings of the colliers, sloping downhill.
But there was something compact and energetic and wilful about him that she magnified ten-fold and so obtained, imaginatively, an attractive lover.
Hence the bitter fear and humiliation she felt as she drudged shabbily on in Manchester House, hiding herself as much as possible from public view.
Poor Alvina, for whom this had been a dreadful and uncalled-for moment, had looked from one to another, and had also dropped her head to her plate.
“But let me introduce you to my young men— A wave of the plump hand, whose forefinger was very slightly cigarette-stained, towards the table.
As soon as the first of the four appeared, in his shirt-sleeves and his slippers, in the doorway, Madame said:  “Ah, there you are, my young men!
And in some strange way, it manifested its disapproval of the spectacle: as grown-up men and women, they were a little bit insulted by such a show.
“Wonder I’m not, said Alvina, “considering what my life is.     CHAPTER VIII CICCIO   Madame did not pick up her spirits, after her cold.
Have I not said, and said, and said that in the Natcha-Kee-Tawara there was but one nation, the Red Indian, and but one tribe, the tribe of Kishwe?
And her dark _braves_ seemed to become darker, more secret, malevolent, burning with a cruel fire, and at the same time wistful, knowing their end.
Rags—no shoes—bread, little fish from the sea—shell-fish—  His hands flickered, his eyes rested on her with a profound look of knowledge.
She knew exactly how Madame’s black eyes would shine, how her mouth would curl with a sneering, slightly triumphant smile, as she heard the news.
“And the next person that gives you stout will be thrown down along with the mug.  “Oh doctor, the bit o’ comfort! wailed the sick woman.
But under all her questionings she felt well; a nonchalance deep as sleep, a passivity and indifference so dark and sweet she felt it must be evil.
The omnibus charged at a great speed along a straight white road, which cut through the cultivated level straight towards the core of the mountain.
“Ah, said Pancrazio, “I am glad there is a woman in my house once more.  “But did _nobody_ come in and do for you before? asked Alvina.
(45) We will appoint as justices, constables, sheriffs, or other officials, only men that know the law of the realm and are minded to keep it well.
In cases of dispute the matter shall be resolved by the judgement of the twenty-five barons referred to below in the clause for securing the peace.
This influence is most readily recognized in the use by English renaissance writers on literary criticism of the terminology of classical rhetoric.
Forensic oratory he defines as that of the law court; deliberative, of the senate or public assembly; and occasional, of eulogy and congratulation.
Consequently most writers of the classical period subdivide the proof proper into _probatio_, or affirmative proof, and _refutatio_, or refutation.
To Dionysius the best prose is that which resembles verse although not entirely in meter, and the best poetry that which resembles beautiful prose.
Such a jejune style could never hold a Roman audience, and Cicero in theory and in practice took as model not only Demosthenes, but also Isocrates.
To resume, the middle ages thought of poetry as being composed of two elements: a profitable subject matter (_doctrina_), and style (_eloquentia_).
As one might expect, it delights in over-analysis, in categories and sub-categories, the four kinds of causes, the three virtues of the _narratio_.
The _Rhetoric_ of Aristotle was known to the middle ages only through a Latin translation by Hermanus Allemanus (c. 1256) of Alfarabi's commentary.
Critical attention was absorbed by controversies of Campion and Daniel over native and classical versification, and the flyting of Harvey and Nash.
Consequently man should aspire towards God instead of indulging his faculties of sensation and imagination, which he shares with the lower animals.
Making Horace a point of departure, Daniello, in 1536, says that the function of the poet is to teach and delight, but more than that--to persuade.
and what so much   good doth that teaching bring forth (I speak still of morall doctrine)   as that it mooveth one to do that which it dooth teach?
The ancient Poets have indeed wrapped as it were in their writings   divers and sundry meanings, which they call the senses or mysteries   thereof.
In his _Mythomystes_ (licensed 1632) Reynolds admits, that the ancients mingled moral instruction in their poetry, but reprehends this as an abuse.
Virtues and vices I will frame, and the rewards of them shall suite to both; for it is on the moral example of poetic justice that Barclay depends.
This was brought particularly to our notice when we visited the Sivas bazaars to examine some inlaid silverware, for which the place is celebrated.
After we had employed a Kurd to make these for them, they declared they were afraid to proceed without the company of ten Kurds armed to the teeth.
This was too much; we dismounted and exhibited the ability to defend ourselves, whereupon they tumbled over one another in their haste to get away.
We would usually take a large supply for road use on the following day, or, as sometimes proved, for the midnight meal of the half-starved inn-dog.
He also mentioned in this connection the name of Ling Darin—a name that we had heard spoken of almost with veneration ever since leaving Urumtsi.
Come, come, Huswife, you shall be married anon, and then let your Husband have the plague of you--but for my Gentlewoman,--Oh Lord --they’re here.
Alas, my Lord, I am that clod of Earth, and to Earth, if you call it so, she must return again, for she’s to be married to a Citizen this Morning.
Then then the blushing Maid lays by    Her simpering, and her Modesty;    And round the Lover clasps and twines    Like Ivy, or the circling Vines_.
Where we shall only tantalize each other with dull kissing, and part with the same Appetite we met--No, Madam; besides, I have business--  L. _Ful_.
Well, I wou’d give the world to see the Devil, provided he were a civil affable Devil, such an one as _Wasteall’s_ Acquaintance is--  Sir _Cau_.
Well, Sir--but my Lady, you must know, Sir, has the common frailties of her Sex, and will refuse what she even longs for, if persuaded to’t by me.
I am not us’d to flatter much; if forty Years were taken from your Age, ‘twou’d render you something more agreeable to my Bed, I must confess.
Life of my Soul, retire, I cannot hear that Voice and disobey; And you must needs esteem him at low rates, Who sells thee and his Honour for a Tear.
This cannot be the effects of Innocence; By Heaven, I’ll know the cause, where e’er it lies, Nor shall you fool me with your feign’d disguise.
Yes, ever since you left me; And ‘twas a kindness in thee now to wake me; For Sleep had almost flatter’d me to Peace, Which is a vile injustice.
all Mouth, with twenty rows of Teeth.--Now dare not I cry out, lest the Doctor shou’d come, find me here, and kill me--I’ll try if it be mortal.
Him I pronounce a Paltroon, and an ignominious Utensil, that dare lay claim to the renowned Lady of my _Primum Mobile_; that is, my best Affections.
There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org.
He kept the village store, occasionally entertained travelers, having three spare rooms, was town treasurer, and conspicuous in other local offices.
When I did work I only got three dollars a week.  “Where did you work?  “In Mr. Tripp’s store, in the center of the village.  “I know.
It’s a two-story building, ain’t it, with a piazza?  “Yes.  “Has the old fellow got money?  “Oh, yes; Silas Tripp is rich.  “So?
“Yes, ma’am, it was, and I calculate you’ll find it hard to get over that evidence.  Mrs. Rand’s face lighted up with a sudden conviction.
“I haven’t any talent that way.  “What house is that? asked Chester, pointing to the marble mansion at the corner of Thirty-fourth Street.
You may be sure I won’t keep him long.  At this point Chester came into the office and was surprised to see Mr. Mullins and Felix already there.
He would be paid less for individual sketches, but, on the other hand, he would have a steady income and an assured market for all he might produce.
He would have liked to have lived nearer the saloon, and had suggested this to his wife, but she was attached to her home and was unwilling to move.
There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org.
Indoors he made baskets of assortments: threepenny, sixpenny, ninepenny and shilling baskets, rather like a bran pie in which everything was a plum.
Her companions were almost without exception vulgar and coarse—yet never had she got on so well with women of her own age—or older than herself.
If they expect a knife-and-fork tea for a shilling, what are you going to give them for half-a-crown?  “I know what I shall offer, said James.
“You will agree to be manager, at a fixed salary? said James hurriedly and huskily, his fine fingers slowly rubbing each other, along the sides.
The Palace stood firm at last—oh, it was so ricketty when it arrived!—and it glowed with a new coat, all over, of dark-red paint, like ox-blood.
“Wheer art off, Sorry?  “Lumley.  “Houghton’s Endeavour?  “Ah.  “Rotten.  So, when one laconic young collier accosted another.
The poor Mr. May—so _disappointed_.  “Then let him _be_ disappointed, cried Alvina, as she forcibly tucked up Madame and made her lie still.
“Do? He looked down at her with the same long, half-sardonic look of his yellow eyes, like a cat looking casually at a bird which flutters past.
As she stood there by the grave, pale and pinched and reserved looking, she was of a piece with the hideous cold grey discomfort of the whole scene.
“I should always let people do what they wanted—  “Even if you knew it would do them harm? he queried, smiling with amiable condescension.
When they had had tea, quietly and gallantly tête-à-tête in his drawing-room, he asked her if she would like to see the other rooms of the house.
He drew back when he saw Effie in the bed, sitting with her long plaits and her dark eyes, and the subtle-seeming smile at the corners of her mouth.
“Twenty-seven lire each.  She looked at him, his dark skin, his golden eyes—so near to her, so unified with her, yet so incommunicably remote.
But no, rapid and high came the next verse, verse after verse, with the wild scream on the little new pipe in between, over the roar of the bagpipe.
The carol suddenly ended, the young man snatched off his hat to Alvina who stood above, and in the same breath he was gone, followed by the bagpipe.
They wound between oak-trees and under the broom-scrub, climbing over the jumbled hills that lay between the mountains, until the village came near.
There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org.
There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
There the poet would find a complete panoply of arms forged for the arousing of the feelings in an audience, and for stirring the springs of action.
This obvious rhetorical discussion of the use of poetical illustrations by orators leads him to express his conviction of the moral value of poetry.
But since he was not writing on the theory of poetry primarily, he did not endeavor to establish that the function of poetry is to teach by example.
There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
How it was despatched we do not know, for we fell asleep, and were only awakened by the muezzin on a neighboring minaret, calling to morning prayer.
An American missionary was once asked: “In what part of Paris is America? Yet it can be said that they are generally honest, and always patient.
Both he and the mutessarif thought an ascent so early in the year was impossible; that we ought not to think of such a thing until two months later.
In order to show a desire to be sociable, we accepted almost everything that was offered us, to the great chagrin, we fear, of the courteous donors.
There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
No more than the Usurer would, to whom he has mortgag’d the best part of his Estate, would forbear a Day after the promis’d Payment of the Money.
Gud’s me, Mistress, put on all your Holiday Looks; for this is the little Merchant of Love by Retail, that brings you the Husband I promis’d you.
--Yet still she is my Wife, whom I have injur’d: Till when, she was a Saint--come, lead me to her, Though she be false as I, yet I’ll forgive it.
You oblige me; but though I find your _Clara_ cold and cruel, _Isabella_ would invite me to her Love, and makes so many kind advances to me--  _Ant_.
No, no; she has no Cessation, Friend, her Ague takes her night and day, it shakes her most unmercifully, and it shall shake her till the Wedding-day.
In the Road to Heaven, whither they say all Cuckolds go--I thank you for your advice; I perceive you wou’d willingly help me onwards of my Journey.
Well, Sir, I’ll show you my agility--but, Sir, I desire I may consummate, d’ye see,--consummate--a little like a Lord, to make the Marriage sure.
the worst Great _Turk_ of all; so, I am cozened, --most rarely cheated; why, what a horrid Plot’s here carried on, to bring in heretical Cuckoldom?
If to make People laugh the business be,         | You Sparks better Comedians are than we;         | You every day out-fool ev’n_ Nokes _and_ Lee.
I value Fame as much as if I had been born a _Hero_; and if you rob me of that, I can retire from the ungrateful World, and scorn its fickle Favours.
thou’rt an Ass, we are but even with the brisk Rogues, for they take away our Fame, cuckold us, and take away our Wives: so, so, my Cap, _Francis_.
Bullock and Spiller kept their favourite parts, Hall was Baliardo; Quin, Cinthio; Ryan, Charmante; Mrs. Egleton, Mopsophil; Mrs. Bullock, Bellemante.
Expressing all the kind concern Love cou’d inspire, for the Punishment my Father has inflicted on me, for entertaining him at my Window last night.
Ay, certainly--for they have all the Money; and then for Clothes, Jewels, and rich Furniture, and eating, they out-do the very _Vice-Reine_ her self.
Beneath the Shades young_ Strephon _lies,     Of all his Wish possess’d;   Gazing on_ Sylvia’s _charming Eyes,     Whose Soul is there confessed.
In Post-Restoration days a ballad sung in the streets by two persons was frequently called a Jig, presumably because it was a ‘song in dialogue’.
The Dedication must have been written in 1686 when, wavering between the Catholic Faith and Protestantism, he was still high in favour with the King.
He was, says Cibber, in the days of Charles II ‘a Youth fam’d for his Voice’, and he often sang before the King, no indifferent judge of music.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.
Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
I am only a boy.  “If a sketch is good, it doesn’t matter how old or young an artist is.  “I should like very much to get something for it.
It ran thus:      “DEAR CHESTER:—I am glad to say that I have sold your sketch for     ten dollars to one of the papers I showed you at Wyncombe.
Mr. Tripp would have a right to think I was guilty in that case.  “Well, ain’t you?  “Abel Wood, I have a great mind to give you a licking.
If you decide to     accept my suggestion come to New York next Saturday, and you can     stay with me over Sunday, and go to work on Monday morning.
The Western man had already a shrewd suspicion of the gambler’s real business, and being a cautious and prudent man, did not care to cultivate him.
I saw a man following you rather closely, I presume he took the money.  “Oh, won’t you come back to the office with me and tell my cousin that?
Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
He installed another plant of machinery—acetylene or some such contrivance—which was intended to drive all the little machines from one big belt.
She was going to charge the regulation fee of two guineas a case: and even on a modest estimate of ten babies a month, she would have twenty guineas.
And now he begrudged the household expenses, begrudged the very soap and candles, and even would have liked to introduce margarine instead of butter.
It’s a shame, it’s a shame, one of the best women that ever trod earth.  Manchester House settled down to its deeper silence, its darker gloom.
It was evident Albert was quite blissfully happy, in his own way, sitting there at the end of the sofa not far from the fire, and talking animatedly.
The uncomfortable thing was that though he talked in the direction of his interlocutor, he did not speak _to_ him: merely said his words towards him.
So he dragged his weary and hollow way up to Woodhouse, and sank with a long “Oh! of nervous exhaustion in the private bar of the Moon and Stars.
And then why aren’t they jealous of the extraordinary things which are done on the film?  “Because they don’t see the flesh-and-blood people.
Kishwégin gravely salutes her husband—the bound prisoner is seated by the fire—Kishwégin serves food, and asks permission to feed the prisoner.
She watched Ciccio following behind Alvina in his dark, hangdog fashion, and she did not move a muscle until he came to a standstill in front of her.
Louis threw off his coat and sprang to tarantella attention, Ciccio rang out the peculiar tarantella, and Madame and Louis danced in the tight space.
“No but, really, said Mr. May, “drinking and card-playing with strange men in the drawing-room on Sunday evening, of _cauce_ it’s scandalous.
But _then_—you see—I comfort myself with the reflection ‘Lucky in cards, unlucky in love.’ I’m certainly _hounded_ with misfortune in love.
The really toney women of the place came to take tea in her room, and these little teas in the hospital were like a little elegant female conspiracy.
She disturbed him in his new English aplomb of a London _restaurateur_, and she disturbed in him the old Italian dark soul, to which he was renegade.
Afterwards, later on, when she was inclined to criticize him, she would remember the moment when she saw his face at the Italian Consulate in London.
And she felt like going down on her knees and bending her forehead to the earth in an oriental submission, they were so royal, so lovely, so supreme.
Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
Perhaps the most illustrative modern examples of the third would be Fourth-of-July addresses, funeral sermons, and appreciative articles or lectures.
There petrified in an alien substance, this characteristic quality of poetic was transmitted to another age which knew of it through no other source.
Grande Amour asks her to paint his tongue with the royal flowers of delicate odors, that he may gladden his auditors and moralize his literal senses.
Confusing the _narratio_ of oratory with narrative, Pontanus says:    There are three virtues of a narration, brevity, probability and   perspicuity.
Another scholar in classical rhetoric was Roger Ascham, whose _Scholemaster_ (1570) contains the first reference in England to Aristotle's _Poetics_.
Not only is he present at the action, even when he reads the drama, but he identifies himself with the hero and vicariously experiences his emotions.
It is the art, says Hawes, to cloak the meaning under misty figures of many colors, as the old poets did, who took similitudes from beasts and birds.
A poet to be great must drink of the redolent well of poetry whence flow the four rivers of Understanding, Close-concluding, Novelty, and Carbuncles.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.
Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
During our travels we took more than two thousand five hundred photographs, selections from which are reproduced in the illustrations of this volume.
The shepherds did not check their sudden onslaught upon us until we were pressed to very close quarters, and had drawn our revolvers in self-defense.
Sometimes we were floundering with our heavy loads in the deep snow-beds, or scrambling on hands and knees over the huge boulders of the rocky seams.
Two hours and a half of climbing brought us to the crest of the main southeast ridge, about one thousand feet below the base of the precipitous dome.
This fissure is perhaps the greatest with which the mountain is seamed, and out of which has undoubtedly been discharged a great portion of its lava.
By a very early start we hoped to escape the burden of excessive hospitality; in other words, to get rid of an escort that was an expensive nuisance.
More than this, it was learned that she had not a drop of English blood in her veins, her father being an Austrian, and her mother a native Armenian.
It was during our sojourn in that city that his palatial household was raided by a party of soldiers, and he was carried to prison as a common felon.
These are dug with unerring instinct, and preserved with jealous care by means of shafts or slanting wells dug at regular intervals across the plain.
With great ceremony we were ushered into a suite of elegantly furnished rooms, and received by the consul-general and his English wife in full dress.
Under date of January 28, 1894, the American press reported: “The bodies of ten thousand victims of the awful disaster have already been recovered.
Who this personage was we were unable to find out beyond that he was an influential mandarin in the city of Su-chou, now only a day’s journey away.
The harassing mobs gathered from its teeming population, as well as the lateness of the season, prompted us to make our sojourn as short as possible.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.
Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
I am not of your Mind, I love to love upon the square; and that I may be sure not to be cheated with false Ware, I present ‘em nothing but my Heart.
What, thou canst not think I am in earnest; I confess, _Frank_, she is above thee in point of Fortune, she being my only Heir--but suppose ‘tis she.
The Knight, Sir _Timothy Tawdrey_; --The Rascal mist me at the appointed place, And comes to attack me here--                         [_Turns to_ Cel.
--Nay, start not, he’s my own Flesh and Blood, My Nephew--Baby--look, look how the young Rogues stare at one another; like will to like, I see that.
tell me of Patience, that us’d to have my money before hand; come, come, pay me quickly--or old _Gregory Grimes_ house shall be too hot to hold you.
No--since ‘tis resolved, a Woman--she must be old and ugly, and will not balk my Fancy with her sight, but baits me more with this essential Beauty.
_Enter Sir_ Feeble _drest, and arm’d Cap-a-pee, with a broad     Waste-Belt stuck round with Pistols, a Helmet, Scarf, Buff-coat     and half Pike_.
I’ll enter the House with Fire and Sword, d’ye see, not that I care this--but I’ll not be fob’d off--what, do they take me for a Fool--an Ass?
Lose her, Sir!--why, she shall be never the worse for my wearing, Sir--the old covetous Rogue is considering on’t, I think--What say you to a Night?
_Draws off, discovers_ Philander_ and_ Alcander _with Musick at the Chamber-door of_ Erminia; _to them_ Pisaro, _who listens whilst the Song is sung_.
Madam, I have so lately ‘scap’d a scouring, That I wish you would take it for a mark Of my Passion to disobey you; For he is in a damn’d humour.
--I hope, _Alcippus_, you’ll revisit us With Lover’s speed: And whatsoever treatment now you find, At your return you’ll find us much more kind.
I thank you for that; no, I have a newer way: you know I lodge four pair of Stairs high, let’s ascend hither, and after saying our Prayers--  _Har_.
We were unreasonable to forbid you that cold Joy, nor shall you wish long in vain, if you bring Matters so about, to get us with my Uncle’s Consent.
Dryden, prologue to _The Prophetess_ (1690), speaks of the gallants in the theatre indulging freely in      That witty recreation, called dumfounding.
Although the verb, which came into use circa 1670, and persisted for a full century, is rare, the substantive ‘a cully’ (= a fool) is very common.
I suppose you will be able to carry back the empty basket, Abel, added Chester, as his successor emerged from the side door, relieved of his burden.
“Well, put on our coats, and we’ll go to Trainor’s.  They walked over to Sixth Avenue and entered a restaurant adjoining the Standard Theater.
Chester was new to the city and a novice in worldly affairs, but the discovery that the bookkeeper was on intimate terms with a gambler astounded him.
To be sure, when in the real estate office he had picked up extra compensation for outside work, but this was precarious and could not be depended on.
“I calc’late it’s safe, he said to Mr. Gripp, a stout man with a florid face, expensively dressed and sporting a large and showy diamond ring.
How much money is there on deposit in the bank?  “About twenty-four hundred dollars.  “Then we had better draw out more than eighteen hundred.
She must defend the little Alvina, whom she loved as her own, and the nervous, petulant, heart-stricken woman, the mother, from the vagaries of James.
True there were extraordinarily few young men of her class—for whatever her condition, she had certain breeding and inherent culture—in Woodhouse.
The treacherous suddenness of his attack—for he was treachery itself—had to be met by the voltaic suddenness of her resistance and counter-attack.
As it always comes to its children, the nostalgia of the repulsive, heavy-footed Midlands came over her again, even whilst she was there in the midst.
She despatched her father instantly for the doctor, she heaped the sticks in the bedroom grate and made a bright fire, she brough hot milk and brandy.
Now although Albert Witham had a good strong voice, which rang like water among rocks in her ear, still she seemed never to hear a word he was saying.
He left her at the shop door, saying:  “I shall see you again, I hope.  “Oh, yes, she replied, rattling the door anxiously, for it was locked.
Presumably, the _ordinary_ old-maid heroine nowadays is destined to die in her fifties, she is not allowed to be the long-liver of the by-gone novels.
I’m afraid it’s going rotten from the bottom.  “Shouldn’t wonder, said the policeman suspiciously, watching Mr. May shut the pocket knife.
But— here she changed her expression, widened her eyes, and laid her hand on her breast—“when the heart speaks—then I listen with the heart.
Geoffrey started obediently, and led the way up a long narrow stair, covered with yellow-and-brown oil-cloth, rather worn, on to the top of the house.
“You mean—what?  “I will give you that brooch if you like to take it—  “Give me this—! cried Madame, and a flash went over her face.
Probably Mr. May had gone the round of the benevolent magnates of Woodhouse, concerning himself with her virtue, and currying favour with his concern.
And this something childish, since it looked up to her as if she were the saving grace, naturally flattered her and made her feel gentler towards him.
“I must get back to my work here.  “Nurse Allen can do that.  “I’d rather not.  “Where are you going today?  She told him her cases.
I think it’s a wonderful song.  Ciccio hung back against the door, his head dropped, and the shy, suspicious, faintly malicious smile on his face.
And therefore she packed a rather large bag with all her ordinary things, and set off in her everyday dress, leaving the nursing paraphernalia behind.
Alvina and Ciccio were installed in a second-class compartment, with all their packages, Ciccio was pale, yellowish under his tawny skin, and nervous.
And for the first time she realized what it was to escape from the smallish perfection of England, into the grander imperfection of a great continent.
So that the queer, half-sinister drop of his eyelids was curious, and the strange, wicked yellow flare that came into his eyes was almost frightening.
And Pancrazio was always carrying up something, for he loved the extraneous jobs like building a fire-place much more than the heavy work of the land.
No bailiff for the future shall, upon his own unsupported complaint, put any one to his “law, without credible witnesses brought for this purpose.
No bailiff for the future shall, upon his own unsupported complaint, put anyone to his “law, without credible witnesses brought for this purposes.
Metrics, which occupies so large a place in modern treatises on the theory of poetry, Aristotle likewise mentions several times, but does not discuss.
An   end, on the contrary, is that which itself naturally follows some other   thing, either by necessity, or as a rule, but has nothing following it.
Consequently the greater part of the essay is devoted to the moral purpose of poetry, and as such will be treated in the second section of this study.
Here rhetoric vindicated its practicality by a preoccupation with the impractical; and here, as in analysis, rhetoric bore the seeds of its own decay.
Dionysius is here much the more characteristic of his age, as he is in his belief that there is very little difference indeed between prose and verse.
But beyond these picturesque generalizations there is little trace in Hawes of any discussion of style such as one would find in a classical treatise.
The Influence of Horace   Thus far there had been no fundamental criticism of poetic in England, no attempt to arrive at the basis of critical theory.
In the _Advancement of Learning_ (1605) Bacon clears up some of the misconceptions of the English renaissance by judicious borrowing from the Italian.
Examples, says Aristotle, are of two kinds, one consisting in the allegation of historical facts, and the other in the invention of facts for oneself.
The second is called the allegorical, and is the one that hides itself under the mantle of these tales, and is a truth hidden under beauteous fiction.
Because our minds delight greatly in song and harmony, the early poets used meter and rhythm better to incline the soul of man to virtue and morality.
But though he does not postulate pleasurable instruction as the aim of poetry, he clearly implies it in his comment on the use of stories in argument.
Nor does Roger Ascham in his _Scholemaster_, written between 1563-1568 and published posthumously in 1570, concern himself with the purpose of poetry.
The women by this time had sufficiently recovered from their nervous shock to give scope to their usual curiosity through the cracks in the partition.
Here and there, on some of the most prominent peaks, we could distinguish little mounds of earth, the ruined watch-towers of the prehistoric Hittites.
Another night was spent in the pine-forests just on the border between Asia Minor and Armenia, which were said to be the haunts of the border robbers.
Little Ararat is an almost perfect truncated cone, while Great Ararat is more of a broad-shouldered dome supported by strong, rough-ribbed buttresses.
His companion was a Greek from Salonica, who had lived for several years in London, whence he had departed not many weeks before, for Teheran, Persia.
For this reason it is the place of residence of the Emir-e-Nizam (leader of the army), or prime minister, as well as the Vali-Ahd, or Prince Imperial.
With this gentleman we spent the following night in a telegraph station, and passed a pleasant evening chatting over the wires with friends in Meshed.
This we had determined on, in order to secure some much-needed bicycle supplies, and to complete other arrangements for the success of our enterprise.
While we were drinking tea, a habit they have recently adopted from the Russians, he held forth at great length to his audience about the _Amerikón_.
The Kirghiz are not in the habit of removing many garments for this purpose, and under the circumstances we found this custom a rather convenient one.
At Vernoye we began to glean practical information about China, but all except our genial host, M. Gourdet, counseled us against our proposed journey.
Through the exceptional tameness of the jack-rabbits along the road, we were sometimes enabled to procure with a revolver the luxury of a meat supper.
