I am not of your Mind, I love to love upon the square; and that I may be sure not to be cheated with false Ware, I present ‘em nothing but my Heart.
What, thou canst not think I am in earnest; I confess, _Frank_, she is above thee in point of Fortune, she being my only Heir--but suppose ‘tis she.
The Knight, Sir _Timothy Tawdrey_; --The Rascal mist me at the appointed place, And comes to attack me here--                         [_Turns to_ Cel.
--Nay, start not, he’s my own Flesh and Blood, My Nephew--Baby--look, look how the young Rogues stare at one another; like will to like, I see that.
tell me of Patience, that us’d to have my money before hand; come, come, pay me quickly--or old _Gregory Grimes_ house shall be too hot to hold you.
No--since ‘tis resolved, a Woman--she must be old and ugly, and will not balk my Fancy with her sight, but baits me more with this essential Beauty.
_Enter Sir_ Feeble _drest, and arm’d Cap-a-pee, with a broad     Waste-Belt stuck round with Pistols, a Helmet, Scarf, Buff-coat     and half Pike_.
I’ll enter the House with Fire and Sword, d’ye see, not that I care this--but I’ll not be fob’d off--what, do they take me for a Fool--an Ass?
Lose her, Sir!--why, she shall be never the worse for my wearing, Sir--the old covetous Rogue is considering on’t, I think--What say you to a Night?
_Draws off, discovers_ Philander_ and_ Alcander _with Musick at the Chamber-door of_ Erminia; _to them_ Pisaro, _who listens whilst the Song is sung_.
Madam, I have so lately ‘scap’d a scouring, That I wish you would take it for a mark Of my Passion to disobey you; For he is in a damn’d humour.
--I hope, _Alcippus_, you’ll revisit us With Lover’s speed: And whatsoever treatment now you find, At your return you’ll find us much more kind.
I thank you for that; no, I have a newer way: you know I lodge four pair of Stairs high, let’s ascend hither, and after saying our Prayers--  _Har_.
We were unreasonable to forbid you that cold Joy, nor shall you wish long in vain, if you bring Matters so about, to get us with my Uncle’s Consent.
Dryden, prologue to _The Prophetess_ (1690), speaks of the gallants in the theatre indulging freely in      That witty recreation, called dumfounding.
Although the verb, which came into use circa 1670, and persisted for a full century, is rare, the substantive ‘a cully’ (= a fool) is very common.
I suppose you will be able to carry back the empty basket, Abel, added Chester, as his successor emerged from the side door, relieved of his burden.
“Well, put on our coats, and we’ll go to Trainor’s.  They walked over to Sixth Avenue and entered a restaurant adjoining the Standard Theater.
Chester was new to the city and a novice in worldly affairs, but the discovery that the bookkeeper was on intimate terms with a gambler astounded him.
To be sure, when in the real estate office he had picked up extra compensation for outside work, but this was precarious and could not be depended on.
“I calc’late it’s safe, he said to Mr. Gripp, a stout man with a florid face, expensively dressed and sporting a large and showy diamond ring.
How much money is there on deposit in the bank?  “About twenty-four hundred dollars.  “Then we had better draw out more than eighteen hundred.
She must defend the little Alvina, whom she loved as her own, and the nervous, petulant, heart-stricken woman, the mother, from the vagaries of James.
True there were extraordinarily few young men of her class—for whatever her condition, she had certain breeding and inherent culture—in Woodhouse.
The treacherous suddenness of his attack—for he was treachery itself—had to be met by the voltaic suddenness of her resistance and counter-attack.
As it always comes to its children, the nostalgia of the repulsive, heavy-footed Midlands came over her again, even whilst she was there in the midst.
She despatched her father instantly for the doctor, she heaped the sticks in the bedroom grate and made a bright fire, she brough hot milk and brandy.
Now although Albert Witham had a good strong voice, which rang like water among rocks in her ear, still she seemed never to hear a word he was saying.
He left her at the shop door, saying:  “I shall see you again, I hope.  “Oh, yes, she replied, rattling the door anxiously, for it was locked.
Presumably, the _ordinary_ old-maid heroine nowadays is destined to die in her fifties, she is not allowed to be the long-liver of the by-gone novels.
I’m afraid it’s going rotten from the bottom.  “Shouldn’t wonder, said the policeman suspiciously, watching Mr. May shut the pocket knife.
But— here she changed her expression, widened her eyes, and laid her hand on her breast—“when the heart speaks—then I listen with the heart.
Geoffrey started obediently, and led the way up a long narrow stair, covered with yellow-and-brown oil-cloth, rather worn, on to the top of the house.
“You mean—what?  “I will give you that brooch if you like to take it—  “Give me this—! cried Madame, and a flash went over her face.
Probably Mr. May had gone the round of the benevolent magnates of Woodhouse, concerning himself with her virtue, and currying favour with his concern.
And this something childish, since it looked up to her as if she were the saving grace, naturally flattered her and made her feel gentler towards him.
“I must get back to my work here.  “Nurse Allen can do that.  “I’d rather not.  “Where are you going today?  She told him her cases.
I think it’s a wonderful song.  Ciccio hung back against the door, his head dropped, and the shy, suspicious, faintly malicious smile on his face.
And therefore she packed a rather large bag with all her ordinary things, and set off in her everyday dress, leaving the nursing paraphernalia behind.
Alvina and Ciccio were installed in a second-class compartment, with all their packages, Ciccio was pale, yellowish under his tawny skin, and nervous.
And for the first time she realized what it was to escape from the smallish perfection of England, into the grander imperfection of a great continent.
So that the queer, half-sinister drop of his eyelids was curious, and the strange, wicked yellow flare that came into his eyes was almost frightening.
And Pancrazio was always carrying up something, for he loved the extraneous jobs like building a fire-place much more than the heavy work of the land.
No bailiff for the future shall, upon his own unsupported complaint, put any one to his “law, without credible witnesses brought for this purpose.
No bailiff for the future shall, upon his own unsupported complaint, put anyone to his “law, without credible witnesses brought for this purposes.
Metrics, which occupies so large a place in modern treatises on the theory of poetry, Aristotle likewise mentions several times, but does not discuss.
An   end, on the contrary, is that which itself naturally follows some other   thing, either by necessity, or as a rule, but has nothing following it.
Consequently the greater part of the essay is devoted to the moral purpose of poetry, and as such will be treated in the second section of this study.
Here rhetoric vindicated its practicality by a preoccupation with the impractical; and here, as in analysis, rhetoric bore the seeds of its own decay.
Dionysius is here much the more characteristic of his age, as he is in his belief that there is very little difference indeed between prose and verse.
But beyond these picturesque generalizations there is little trace in Hawes of any discussion of style such as one would find in a classical treatise.
The Influence of Horace   Thus far there had been no fundamental criticism of poetic in England, no attempt to arrive at the basis of critical theory.
In the _Advancement of Learning_ (1605) Bacon clears up some of the misconceptions of the English renaissance by judicious borrowing from the Italian.
Examples, says Aristotle, are of two kinds, one consisting in the allegation of historical facts, and the other in the invention of facts for oneself.
The second is called the allegorical, and is the one that hides itself under the mantle of these tales, and is a truth hidden under beauteous fiction.
Because our minds delight greatly in song and harmony, the early poets used meter and rhythm better to incline the soul of man to virtue and morality.
But though he does not postulate pleasurable instruction as the aim of poetry, he clearly implies it in his comment on the use of stories in argument.
Nor does Roger Ascham in his _Scholemaster_, written between 1563-1568 and published posthumously in 1570, concern himself with the purpose of poetry.
The women by this time had sufficiently recovered from their nervous shock to give scope to their usual curiosity through the cracks in the partition.
Here and there, on some of the most prominent peaks, we could distinguish little mounds of earth, the ruined watch-towers of the prehistoric Hittites.
Another night was spent in the pine-forests just on the border between Asia Minor and Armenia, which were said to be the haunts of the border robbers.
Little Ararat is an almost perfect truncated cone, while Great Ararat is more of a broad-shouldered dome supported by strong, rough-ribbed buttresses.
His companion was a Greek from Salonica, who had lived for several years in London, whence he had departed not many weeks before, for Teheran, Persia.
For this reason it is the place of residence of the Emir-e-Nizam (leader of the army), or prime minister, as well as the Vali-Ahd, or Prince Imperial.
With this gentleman we spent the following night in a telegraph station, and passed a pleasant evening chatting over the wires with friends in Meshed.
This we had determined on, in order to secure some much-needed bicycle supplies, and to complete other arrangements for the success of our enterprise.
While we were drinking tea, a habit they have recently adopted from the Russians, he held forth at great length to his audience about the _Amerikón_.
The Kirghiz are not in the habit of removing many garments for this purpose, and under the circumstances we found this custom a rather convenient one.
At Vernoye we began to glean practical information about China, but all except our genial host, M. Gourdet, counseled us against our proposed journey.
Through the exceptional tameness of the jack-rabbits along the road, we were sometimes enabled to procure with a revolver the luxury of a meat supper.
Indeed, you’re wondrous sad, And I, methinks, do bear thee Company, I know not why; and yet excess of Joy Have had the same Effects with equal Grief.
Not one kind Wound to send me to my Grave, And yet between their angry Swords I ran, Expecting it from _Bellmour_, or my Brother’s: Oh, my hard Fate!
Faith, Sir, Your Luck’s so bad, I han’t the Conscience to play longer--Sir _Timothy_ and you play off a hundred Guineas, and see if Luck will turn.
Then thus; before I knew she was your Mistress, I had resolv’d upon Addresses to her, in order to’t, have treated with her Father about a Marriage.
I’m resolv’d to teaze him, if I can do nothing else, in revenge;--But, Sir, he most earnestly desires to entertain your fair Lady in his own house.
For your sake, though the day be broke upon us, And I’m undone, if seen--I’ll venture in--                                [_Throws his Cloke over_.
Now if he wins it, I’ll swear he has a Fly indeed--’tis impossible without Doublets of sixes--  _Gay_, Now Fortune smile--and for the future frown.
‘Tis strange to me you shou’d despise this Fortune, I always thought you well inclin’d to love him, I would not else have thus dispos’d of you.
--But ‘tis that Shape, and not thy Nature frights me, --That calls the blood out of my panting Heart, That Traytor Heart that did conspire thy death.
A very barren and thin hint of the Plot I had from the Italian, and which, even as it was, was acted in _France_ eighty odd times without intermission.
For_ Silvia, _believe it, when Youth is done,   There’s nought but hum drum, hum drum, hum drum;   There’s nought but hum drum, hum drum, hum drum.
No, Sir, I’ll have satisfaction first, or the Vice-Roy shall know how he’s serv’d by drunken Officers, that are a Nuisance to a Civil Government.
All soft and sweet the Maid appears,     With Looks that know no Art,   And though she yields with trembling Fears,     She yields with all her Heart_.
“It has been hard enough to live on five dollars a week, but I don’t know how we can manage on three.  “I’ll tell you what I’ll do, mother.
I thought you might want to get a path shoveled to the gate.  “So I would; Hannah tried to do it last time it snowed, but she caught an awful cold.
I shall take pains and do my best.  Two days later Chester sent on the sketches, and then set about trying to find a job of some kind in the village.
“A tramp called at our house last evening, she said, “at about half-past nine, and I gave him a meal, as he professed to be hungry and penniless.
May I ask you if you live in New York—the city, I mean?  “No, sir.  “But you are going there?  “Yes, sir.  “To live?  “I hope so.
Mr. Mullins, you will set this boy to work.  “He told me he was to work here, but as you had not mentioned it I thought there must be some mistake.
Haven’t you got any money saved up?  “No; I ought to have, but I have enjoyed myself as I went along, and it has taken all I earned.  “Humph!
Probably I had better wait till he comes before notifying the police.  This he said in a questioning sort of way, as if asking Sharpleigh’s advice.
Sharpleigh, will you accompany the officer and prefer charges?  “See here, said Ralston, with an ugly look, “I’m not going to be a scapegoat.
“Where’s Mullins?  “I don’t think we shall see him again very soon, and the broker told the detective what he knew about his disappearance.
Chester agreed to sell the three lots wanted for the hotel for eight thousand dollars, half cash and the balance on a year’s time at twelve per cent.
Surely Alvina Houghton—  But let us retreat to the early eighties, when Alvina was a baby: or even further back, to the palmy days of James Houghton.
Think how he had pressed her hand gently but firmly down, down over his bruise, how he had taken the virtue out of her, till she felt all weak and dim.
Seriously, quite seriously he said it to her—“We s’ll have folks talking! She laughed in a breathless, hurried way, as they tramped downstairs.
I should think the Duke of Clarence must even have found malmsey nauseating, when he choked and went purple and was really asphyxiated in a butt of it.
Ach, schon fünfzig           Ach, schon fünfzig Und noch immer Keiner will ’mich; Soll ich mich mit Bänden zieren Soll ich einen Schleier führen?
But alas, at that degenerated and shabby, down-at-heel club he met another tempter: a plump man who had been in the music-hall line as a sort of agent.
So Mr. May, in his room in the Moon and Stars, which was the best inn in Woodhouse—he must have a good hötel—lugubriously considered his position.
She gathered herself together, though bent a little as from a blow, and, closing the shop door, followed James to the living room, like the inevitable.
They are eternal—if anything human (he said yuman) ever is eternal, ever _can_ be eternal. He pressed his hands together in an odd cherubic manner.
For his face—he was not tattooed above a certain ring low on his neck—was yellow and flat and basking with one eye open, like some age-old serpent.
She, Mrs. Rollings, had suggested that Madame should put her feet in hot mustard and water, but Madame said she must have something to clear her chest.
“And Miss Huff’n’s come as well, to see how you was.  Four young men were sitting round the table in their shirt-sleeves, with bottles of Bass.
And there was Kishwégin, dusky, coy, with long black hair and a short chamois dress, gaiters and moccasins and bare arms: _so_ coy, and _so_ smirking.
He made not the slightest movement, but sat with his hands dropped between his knees, watching her, the cigarette wavering up its blue thread of smoke.
“Tell me, poor girl, how it happened?  “There isn’t much to tell, said Alvina, and she gave the brief account of James’s illness and death.
Sh!—  Alvina had sat back in the cab and watched from her obscurity the many faces on the street: so familiar, so familiar, familiar as her own face.
But she stared at him without moving a muscle, just blankly stared, abstracting every scrap of feeling, even of animosity or coldness, out of her gaze.
“Well!—And now, said Pancrazio, coming up, “shall we go and eat something?  They jogged home in the little flat cart in the wintry afternoon.
* The twenty-five barons shall swear to obey all the above articles faithfully, and shall cause them to be obeyed by others to the best of their power.
No sheriff or bailiff of ours, or other person, shall take the horses or carts of any freeman for transport duty, against the will of the said freeman.
No sheriff or bailiff of ours, or other person, shall take the horses or carts of any freeman for transport duty, against the will of the said freeman.
Thus the modern treatise on rhetoric deals not only with what the Greeks would recognize as rhetoric, but also with what they would classify as poetic.
In fact, very little Greek or Roman literary criticism is concerned with poetical theory as compared with the keen interest of many critics in oratory.
The seventh and final chapter gives a long narrative poem of the horrific variety as an example of tragedy and several letters as examples of dictamen.
Consequently, when Aristotle's theory that poems could be written in either prose or verse was accepted, there remained no stylistic difference at all.
With their distended necks, elevated snouts, and hog-like bristles, these animals present an ugly appearance, especially when wallowing in mud puddles.
A bicycle exhibition which the Vali had requested was given the morning of our departure for Bayazid, on a level stretch of road just outside the city.
There were no signs of an approaching evening meal until we opened our provision-bag, and handed over certain articles of raw food to be cooked for us.
After much persuasion and encouragement, he finally said that if he could get half an hour’s rest and sleep, he thought he would be able to continue.
Upon their repeated refusal, seven thousand Persian troops, it was said, were ordered to Soak Boulak, under the command of the vice-consul, Mr. Patton.
Askabad was twenty-eight miles away, and although wearied by an extremely hard day’s work, we must sleep that night, if possible, in a Russian hotel.
A Kirghiz messenger who had been despatched into the mountains during the winter was lost in the snow, and remained for twenty-eight days without food.
One stretch of fifteen miles, which it took us six hours to cover, was as formidable as any part of the Turkoman desert along the Transcaspian railway.
The best mechanic in the local cannon-foundry was then ordered to make, at government expense, whatever repairs were possible on our disabled machines.
Under other circumstances we would have patronized our “steeds of steel, but a visit to the “biggest man in China had to be conducted in state.
Why, Sir--if her Maid will be a jilting Whore, how can I help it?--_Sharp_, thou know’st we presented her handsomly, and she protested she’d do’t.
Those I have done to thee, though foul and barbarous, May plead the Excuse of Force--but those to her, Not thou, nor I, nor she, or Heav’n can pardon.
You must disrobe anon, and do’n your native Habiliments--and in the Equipage give that fair Viscountess to understand the true quality of her Husband.
expose no more     To the admiring World those conquering Charms:   In vain all day unhappy Men adore,     What the kind Night gives to my longing Arms.
Hum--no, no, this is not to me--I am jilted, cozen’d, cuckolded, and so forth.--                               [_Groping, she takes hold of Sir_ Feeb.
I must confess, your Passions give me cause, If I had any Secrets, to conceal them; But ‘tis no time nor place to make disputes in: Will you to Horse?
I humbly beg you will forgive him, Sir, I drew him to it against his will; I forc’d him, And gave him language not to be indur’d By any gallant man.
But since you are of a celestial Race, And easily can penetrate Into the utmost limits of the Thought, Why shou’d I fear to tell you of your Conquest?
If we ‘ad not lov’d you you’ad been still impos’d on; You had brought a Scandal on your learned Name, And all succeeding Ages had despis’d it.
But recently (1913) the trial of Mendil Beiliss, a Jew, upon a charge of ritually murdering the Russian lad Yushinsky has caused a world-wide sensation.
The reference is to the Earl of Rochester’s _Valentinian_, altered from Fletcher, which was produced with great applause at the Theatre Royal in 1684.
It is certain that an audience which found no offence in Rochester’s _Valentinian_ could ill have taken umbrage at the freedoms of _The Lucky Chance_.
(16mo, 1659), and another version, _The Comical History of the States and Empires of the Worlds of the Moon and Sun, newly Englished by A. Lovell, A.M_.
“A pie from Miss Cleveland.  “But how came she to give you a pie?  “I shoveled a path for her, and she gave me a pie and ten cents—no, nine.
But I’ll be glad of the victuals.  When the table was spread with an extemporized supper, the unsavory visitor sat down, and did full justice to it.
Probably I’ll get him into some bad scrape that will secure his discharge.  “And then you’ll get me into the place?  “I am afraid I can’t.
“Then, said the landlady, in some dismay, “isn’t it imprudent to take a more expensive room?  “I have secured a much better place.  “Oh!
“You’ll illustrate my book, won’t you?  “Certainly; that is, if I can depend on prompt payment.  Chester and Arthur Burks were fast friends.
They’re going a good deal higher, now that the railroad is nearly completed.  “So he told me.  “I congratulate you on your good luck, Chester.
Then your stepfather keeps her prejudiced against you.  “I suppose there is no change in him?  “No; except that he is drinking harder than ever.
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it   under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this   eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3.
Woodhouse wanted a gently graduated progress in mediocrity, a mediocrity so stale and flat that it fell outside the imagination of any sensitive mortal.
That is, he let the London side of his shop to W. H. Johnson, the tailor and haberdasher, a parvenu little fellow whose English would not bear analysis.
But he was too feverishly busy at Throttle-Ha’penny, selling his hundredweights of ash-pit fodder, as the natives called it, to realize anything else.
At that time it was rather the thing for young ladies to enter the nursing profession, if their hopes had been blighted or checked in another direction!
She never for one moment attempted to answer the question to herself, as to whether Alvina had betrayed herself with any of these young doctors, or not.
“It’s no use, you know, she said, laughing rather breathless, but looking into their eyes with a curious definite look of unchangeable resistance.
“Everything is for you, murmured the sick woman—“except— and she enumerated some tiny legacies which showed her generous, thoughtful nature.
But he, hard-headed little fortune-maker, replied:  “You have a girl to help you, don’t you!  Albert, however, was beaming at her sympathetically.
The moment she got inside the Chapel—it was a big, airy, pleasant building—she heard hammering from the organ-loft, and saw the flicker of a candle.
Ah, where, where in this hateful world was there refuge for a man saddled with responsibilities, who wanted to do his best and was given no opportunity?
“I’m sure, he continued, “I can accompany anything except a man juggling dinner-plates—and then I’d be afraid of making him drop the plates.
When they got downstairs, Max and Louis threw themselves in each other’s arms, and kissed each other on either cheek, gravely, in Continental fashion.
There was an indefinable air of sadness or wistfulness about him, something so robust and fragile at the same time, that she was drawn in a strange way.
But I don’t know if he will go to Italy.  “And you don’t know where to find him in Knarborough? asked Mr. May, sharply, very much on the spot.
And she tried to force her mind to the contemplation of the new state of things, when she banged at the piano to a set of dithering and boring pictures.
“I don’t understand what he said.  “That you have agreed with him—  Madame and Ciccio both watched Alvina as she sat in her new black dress.
One after the other, they kissed her fingers, whilst she laid her left hand languidly on the head of one man after another, as she sat slightly panting.
And as the time came to get down, she looked anxiously back and forth to see at which halt she had better descend—where fewer people would notice her.
When they were all at supper, she said:  “Madame, I applied for a post of maternity nurse, to the Borough of Lancaster.  Madame raised her eyebrows.
But she bore poor Dr. Mitchell a deep grudge, that he could not grant her all the advantages of his offer, and excuse her the acceptance of him himself.
She seemed to see a fairness, a luminousness in the northern soul, something free, touched with divinity such as “these people here lacked entirely.
But the flowers that came out and uttered the earth in magical expression, they cast a spell on her, bewitched her and stole her own soul away from her.
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it   under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this   eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3.
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it   under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this   eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3.
As Spingarn has shown, this tradition of the French middle ages persisted in the works of Du Bellay and Ronsard, whose works in turn inspired Gascoigne.
No better place could have been chosen for such a mishap; for recovery was speedy in such comfortable quarters, under the care of the missionary ladies.
Among other social attentions, we received an invitation from Sahib Devan, the governor of Khorassan, who next to the Shah is the richest man in Persia.
It now does considerable trade with Russia through the town of Chuguchak, and with China through the great gap which here occurs in the Tian Shan range.
Our bare arms and legs were so tanned and coated that we were once asked by a group of squalid villagers if “foreigners ever bathed like themselves.
The viceroy shifted his position in his chair, and took another whiff from the long, slender Chinese pipe held to his mouth by one of his body-servants.
That Sigh was kind, But e’er to morrow this time, You’ll want this pitying Sense, and feel no Pantings, But those which Joys and Pleasures do create.
That I’m a Man, the Effects of my vigorous Flame shall prove --a Gentleman, my Coat of Arms shall testify; and I have the King’s Patent for my Title.
Had I but two days since beheld this Youth Thus prostrate at my Feet, I should have thought My self more blest, Than to have been that Deity he calls me.
‘Tis pity she that thinks it so shou’d want him; the Blessing’s thrown away on me, but we are both unhappy to be match’d to those we cannot love.
Even so, God save the Mark; and she’ll be a fair one for many an Arrow besides her Husband’s, though he an old _Finsbury_ Hero this threescore Years.
My Gown, quick, quick,--t’other Sleeve, Man--so now my Night-cap; well, I’ll in, throw open my Gown to fright away the Women, and jump into her Arms.
By Magick Art I was conducted--I know not how, To an inchanted Palace in the Clouds, Where I was so attended-- Young dancing, singing Fiends innumerable.
I am not well; Too suddenly I pass from one extreme To this of Joy, more insupportable: But I shall re-assume my health anon, And tell thee all my story.
_Enter_ Doctor, _with all manner of Mathematical Instruments     hanging at his Girdle_; Scaramouch _bearing a Telescope twenty     (or more) Foot long_.
4to 1677 has here the marginal stage direction ’.A Letter’, to remind the prompter to have that property ready for the immediate entry of Friendlove.
Charles, the son and heir, was killed through an accident to his coach in Wales, July, 1698, and the shock is said to have hastened the old Duke’s end.
He is a very close man, and always pleading poverty.  “But I happen to know that he has ten thousand dollars invested in Pennsylvania Railroad stock.
When the time came for the store to close, Silas Tripp took three dollars from the drawer and handed it to him, saying: “There’s your wages, Chester.
Then this afternoon I will go out again and see if I can find some more paths to shovel.  But Chester was not destined to earn any more money that day.
“You’d better search his pockets, Mr. Perkins.  The constable thrust his hand into the pocket of his helpless charge, and drew out a roll of bills.
Everything seemed on so grand a scale to the country boy, and with his joyous excitement there mingled the thought: “And I, too, am going to live here.
He says he doesn’t know much about the city.  “Neither did I when I first came here from a country town.  “It will be rather inconvenient, sir.
He had not noticed that Felix entered the office with a cigarette in his mouth, which he only threw away when he was introduced to the real estate agent.
He felt now he could do all that was required of him, and, as the contract would pay him two hundred dollars, this success to-night was an important one.
He was in debt to his dangerous friend one hundred and fifty dollars, and on the evening in question Dick had intimated that he was in need of the money.
But it is just for money lost at the gaming table—a gambling debt.  “Such debts, among men of honor, said Dick, loftily, “are the most binding.
He had reached Harris’ large store on his way home when a rakish-looking figure, springing from he knew not where, overtook and touched him on the arm.
It would be better for him to go back into your store, but country boys fancy they must come to the city and become city business men.  “That’s so.
Chester Rand telegraphed me that he had been discharged, and my suspicions were excited.  “So it’s that boy! muttered the bookkeeper, spitefully.
His old bookkeeper, David Mullins, remitted to him the amount he had stolen at the time of his hurried departure from New York, with interest up to date.
Royalty payments must be paid   within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are   legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns.
Hearing her name, poor Miss Frost would flash a smile and a nod from behind her spectacles, but whose black face she smiled to she never, or rarely knew.
For continually came the fretful murmur:  “Vina!  To sit still—who knows the long discipline of it, nowadays, as our mothers and grandmothers knew.
For some minutes he worked, tapping and readjusting, whilst she held the ricketty steps and stared at him from below, the shapeless bulk of his trousers.
When I was physical, she was mental—Bernard Shaw and cold baths for supper!—and when I was mental she was physical, and threw her arms round my neck.
“She does think for you men.  But Ciccio vouchsafed no answer, and walked with his hands in the pockets of his water-proof, wincing from the weather.
As she saw him standing, in his negligent, muscular, slouching fashion, with his head dropped forward, and his eyes sideways, sometimes she disliked him.
It was a lovely sight, suggesting the world’s morning, before Eve had bitten any white-fleshed apple, whilst she was still dusky, dark-eyed, and still.
The performance went rather mechanically, at the theatre, and the supper at home, with bottled beer and boiled ham, was a conventionally cheerful affair.
You know I’m part of the company now, as pianist.  “And are you going to marry him?  “I don’t know.  “How _can_ you say you don’t know!
For anything of greater value—your piano, for example—I should have to make a personal request—  “Oh, I don’t want anything— said Alvina.
“But if you like to come back—if you _laike_—then— Madame shrugged her shoulders—“you must come, I suppose.  “Thank you, said Alvina.
He sniffed the air: he glanced round with a sharp eye: and during the course of his visit picked up a blue mug which was pushed behind the looking-glass.
Sometimes she laughed unpleasantly in the man’s face: though she dared not go _too_ far: for she was a little afraid of him and his rabid temper, also.
As the crowds surged on the pavement, as the soldiers tramped to the station, as the traffic waited, there came a certain flow in the opposite direction.
Pancrazio swinging the lantern, they threaded their way through the uneven boulders till they came to the river itself—not very wide, but rushing fast.
It ended in a sudden little scramble between big stones, and suddenly they were on the threshold of a quite important-looking house: but it was all dark.
Then there was a wooden chest, two little chairs, and a litter of faggots, cane, vine-twigs, bare maize-hubs, oak-twigs filling the corner by the hearth.
Probably, under all their tension of money and money-grubbing and vindictive mountain morality and rather horrible religion, probably they felt the same.
She went down to Ciccio where he was weeding armfuls of rose-red gladioli from the half-grown wheat, and cutting the lushness of the first weedy herbage.
“That is our cemetery, Pancrazio said, pointing it out to her, “where we shall all be carried some day.  And there was fear, horror in his voice.
Royalty payments must be paid   within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are   legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns.
Given by our hand in the meadow that is called Runnymede, between Windsor and Staines, on the fifteenth day of June in the seventeenth year of our reign.
Royalty payments must be paid   within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are   legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns.
Aristotle at the beginning had made clear that the essential element in drama is movement, a movement which could have a beginning, a middle, and an end.
The development of Aristotelian poetic in the Italian renaissance is a separate inquiry, which has been made extensively, and need not be gone into here.
The influence of Jonson was beneficial, however, in that he did emphasize in poetry the element of structure which the middle ages had largely neglected.
The Influence of Rhetoric   Thus the general consensus of classical opinion agreed that poetry has inescapable moral effects on those who listen or read.
For by them we may talke at large and win men by persuasion, if we   declare beforehand that these tales were not fained of such wisemen   without cause.
In the simplicity of their costumes, as well as in the fact that they do not expose the face, the Turkish women stand in strong contrast to the Armenian.
The only thing approaching it was the earthquake which shook the mountain in 1840, accompanied by subterranean rumblings, and destructive blasts of wind.
Even the three Kurds who, as requested in the message of the mutessarif, were to accompany us up the mountain to the snow-line, refused absolutely to go.
We were filled with no little anxiety, therefore, when, on the day after our arrival, we received an invitation to call at the Russian consulate-general.
They would stand for a moment with necks extended, and then scamper away like a shot, springing on their pipe-stem limbs three or four feet into the air.
As an act of the highest hospitality, our host dipped these into some liquid grease, and then, reaching over, placed them in our mouths with his fingers.
It lies in a picturesque amphitheater behind the solitary “Holy Mount, which towers above a well-constructed bridge across its swiftly flowing river.
We have seen even shopkeepers before their doors on a sunny afternoon, amusing themselves by picking these insidious creatures from their inner garments.
The viceroy took the arm-chair at the head, and motioned us to take the two seats on his left, while Mr. Tenney and the viceroy’s son sat on his right.
Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
Oh, Madam, here’s Mr. Bellmour; he has wounded my young Master, who deny’d him Entrance, and is come into the House, and all in Rage demands his Wife.
I know him particularly, I’ll fetch him to you now, Sir; he always stands for new Imployment with the rest of his Gang under St. _Jago’s_ Church-wall.
My Lord, this Honour you have done my Daughter is so signal, that whereas I designed her but five thousand Pound, I will this happy day settle on her ten.
Rise then, and let the God of Day,     When thou dost to the Lover yield,   Behold more Treasure given away     Than he in his vast Circle e’er beheld_.
Yes, I am ready here with all my Devils, both to secure you your Mistress, and to cudgel your Captain and Squire, for abusing me behind my Back so basely.
Physicians, Madam, can the Patient heal Although the Malady they ne’er did feel; But your Disease is epidemical, Nor can I that evade that conquers all.
By _Jove_, she has mistook her Man, This ‘tis to be a Lover now: A Man’s never out of one broil or other; But I have more Wit than _Aminta_ this bout.
I hope no Action of my Life should be So rude to charge your Generosity: But, Madam, do you think it just to pay Your great Obligements by so false a way?
All that we know of him, _Pisaro_ now inform’d me, Who came just as he thought he had murder’d thee, And begg’d he would provide for his own safety.
_Zoroaster, Trismegistus, Apuleius, Aquinius, Albertus Magnus, Socrates_ and _Virgil_ had their Zilphid, which the Foolish call’d their Daemon or Devil.
Well, for the future, let us have fair play; no Tricks to undermine each other, but which of us is chosen to be the happy Man, the other shall be content.
Well, say no more, honest _Scaramouch_; thou shalt find a Friend at need of me--and if I do not fit you with a Spouse, say that a Woman has out-witted me.
They never speak to any Subject, Sir, when they appear in Royalty, but by Interpreters, and that by way of Stentraphon, in manner of the Delphick Oracles.
I have left this quaint locale untouched although the scene is merely an antechamber in Friendlove’s house, and can have been no more than a drop cloth.
Farquhar’s _Love and a Bottle_, (1698), i, I, where Brush says: ‘Who throws away a Tester and a mistress loses sixpence.’  p. 251 _to top upon him_.
Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
The boy has been with us less than a week.  “He has been with you long enough to do some harm.  “That’s true, said Mullins, with an ugly look.
How much wages do you pay him?  “Five dollars a week.  “And he pays all that for board, for he told me so.  “It does seem a little mysterious.
Of course, he would be discharged, and then you might find a place for me.  “I may do so yet.  “Is there any chance of it? asked Felix, eagerly.
It’s a right smart place, if I do say it.  “I have seen a professor from a university in Oregon, and he has given me good news of my lots in Tacoma.
“Felix, said the bookkeeper, “you remember the arrangement I made with you yesterday?  “Yes, Cousin David.  “It is to be carried out to-day.
“I saw the robbery with my own eyes, went on the detective, “and—— he turned his eyes to the door, which opened to admit a stalwart policeman.
I suppose, when the week is up, Mrs. Randolph will turn me into the street.  “Not while you have a friend in the next room, said Chester, cordially.
“I can probably sell the lots to better advantage than any agents, and should be entirely unable to fix upon a suitable price unless I am on the ground.
We will go over to the saloon.  “Shan’t I get anything for my trouble? asked Floyd, uneasily, a remark which led the lawyer to regard him sharply.
He nearly kissed the gipsy woman with a basket of tin saucepan-lids, when at last she bought it for five shillings, at the end of one of his winter sales.
And the men who knew her well enough to salute her, by calling her name “Miss Frost! giving it the proper intonation of salute, were fussy men indeed.
Now incredible as it may seem, fate threw another prop to the falling house of Houghton, in the person of the manageress of the work-girls, Miss Pinnegar.
Yet there they were, laughing and chatting, with a running insinuating sound through it all which made Miss Frost pace up and down unable to bear herself.
Returning up-channel to re-discover their course was quite another matter from flowing down-stream into the unknown, as they had done thirty years before.
“I suppose, said Miss Pinnegar, “it takes his sort to make all sorts.  Such bits of homely wisdom were like relief from cramp and pain, to Alvina.
“Why yes, willingly, if you’ll give me the option of becoming your partner upon terms of mutual agreement, later on.  James did not quite like this.
I prepared a dish of champignons: oh, most _beautiful_ champignons, beautiful—and I put them on the stove to fry in butter: beautiful young champignons.
So that his grand utterance on Alvina was: “She’s not physical, she’s mental.  He even explained to her one day how it was, in his naïve fashion.
Then he spoke to them with strange sounds, patted them, stroked them down, felt them, slid his hand down them, over them, under them, and felt their legs.
He kept glancing up at the height of the ceilings, the size of the rooms, taking in the size and proportion of the house, and the quality of the fittings.
And tell me if you could put up with _me_, as well as the garret. He beamed and put his head a little on one side—rather like Mr. May, for one second.
And his quick eyes, the whites of which showed so white against his duskiness, the yellow pupils so non-human, met hers with a quick flash of recognition.
His father gave him a little house outside the town, a house furnished with expensive bits of old furniture, in a way that the townspeople thought insane.
They drank three and a half bottles of port, and were discovered in the morning by Alvina fast asleep in the study, with the electric light still burning.
His narration was like this: either simple, bare, stoical, with a touch of nobility; or else satiric, malicious, with a strange, rather repellent jeering.
Email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact  Section 4.
Neither we nor our bailiffs shall take, for our castles or for any other work of ours, wood which is not ours, against the will of the owner of that wood.
Neither we nor our bailiffs shall take, for our castles or for any other work of ours, wood which is not ours, against the will of the owner of that wood.
Email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact  Section 4.
Quintilian, for instance, records the effectiveness of clinging to the judge's knees, or of bringing into the court room the weeping child of the accused.
In his _Art of Rhetorick_ (1634) he says:    Rhetorick is the skill of using daintie words, and comely deliverie,   whereby to work upon men's affections.
Now, for the knitting of sentences, whych they call the ioynts and members thereof, and for all the compasse of the speach, it is round without roughness.
Matter, which receives nineteen pages, is the mediæval _doctrina_, for the whole gist of this section is that moral lessons are derivable from the poets.
He knew at first hand the best classical treatises on poetic and on rhetoric; and he recognized the distinctions which the ancients had made between them.
Classical meters, slavish imitation of the ancients, close adherence to the rules of unity and decorum never made much headway in the English renaissance.
For the historians have always been not so eager that what they wrote should be true to fact as that it should be used either for example or for pleasure.
Under the influence of Pico della Mirandola it was resurrected from its tomb by Henry Reynolds; but it was a much less moral allegory and a more mystical.
Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
Since the opening of the Trans-Bosporus Railway, the wagon-road to Ismid, and even the Angora military highway beyond, have fallen rapidly into disrepair.
Mr. Bryce ascended the mountain on September 12, when the snow-line was at its very highest, the first large snow-bed he encountered being at 12,000 feet.
When in sight of the black tents, the subject of Kurdish guides was again broached by the zaptiehs, and immediately they sat down to discuss the question.
Both tops are hummocks on the huge dome of Ararat, like the humps on the back of a camel, on neither one of which is there a vestige of anything but snow.
When we entered the consulate the next morning, we found three palanquins and a dozen coolies in waiting to convey our party to the viceroy’s residence.
But between telling a positive lie, and not telling the truth, there is perhaps sufficient difference to shield us from the charge of gross inconsistency.
Li-Hung-Chang is virtually the emperor of the Celestial Empire; the present “Son of Heaven (the young emperor) has only recently reached his majority.
As your Friend the Hostess has it in a Play too, I take it, Ends which you pick up behind the Scenes, when you go to be laught at even by the Player-Women.
My Uncle has something of importance to say to him, I fancy it may be about A Marriage between him and my Lady _Diana_--such a Whisper I heard--  _Trusty_.
My Lord, I say this young Jilt would have rob’d me of my self; and courting her, and enjoying her only for a Miss, would persuade me I am married to her.
The night before, she did; but only by a Letter from her Window dropt; which when by the help of a dark Lanthorn, I had read, I was struck dead with Grief.
Then know our Design is only comical, though if you manage not Matters well, it may prove tragical to you; in fine, dost think thou canst personate a Lord?
Why, so, and yet this little Creature of a Father, ridiculously and unambitious, would spoil this Lady, to make up a simple Citizen’s Wife--in good time.
Name not your Titles, ‘tis your self I love, Your amiable, sweet and charming self, And I cou’d almost wish you were not great, To let you see my Love.
High and Mighty,    _For seven_ Christian _Slaves, taken lately by a Galley of yours,   we offer you twice the number of_ Mahometans _taken from you by us.
When full brute Appetite is fed,   And choak’d the Glutton lies, and dead;   Thou new Spirits dost dispense,   And fine’st the gross Delights of Sense.
_Justly your Friends and Mistresses you blame,     | For being so they well deserve the shame,          | ’.is the worst scandal to have borne that name.
I dream, and know she could not be thus base, Thus false and loose-- But here I am inform’d it is no Vision; --This was design’d before, I find it now.
Sir, in my coming hither I met _Aminta_, Who I may fear has alarm’d all the Court; She took me for a Ghost, and ran away, E’er I cou’d undeceive her.
By _Jove_, Sir, I’ll agree to any thing; for I believe a handsome young Wife at Court may bring a Man a greater Fortune than he can in Conscience desire.
Truly I was so sleepy last Night, I know nothing of the Adventure, for which you are kept so close a Prisoner to day, and more strictly guarded than usual.
That were uncivil to be supposed by me; but lunatic we may call him, without breaking the Decorum of good Manners; for he is always travelling to the Moon.
This eight thousand Years no Emperor has descended, but _Incognito_; but when he does, to make his Journey more magnificent, the Zodiack, Sir, attends him.
21 May, 1685, a warrant was issued directing him to enforce most strictly the regulations concerning treasonable and seditious and scandalous publications.
Shadwell, _Amorous Widow_ (1690), Act iii: ’.er mother sells fish and she is little better than a bulker.’ A bulker was the lowest class of prostitute.
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org  1.E.2.
But I got hold of a drawing book once, and that helped me.  “Do you know what I am going to do with this sketch of yours?  Chester looked an inquiry.
“You may have to, ma’am.  “If we do we shall try to get somewhere near its real value.  “Just as you like, ma’am, said Silas, disappointed.
“I say, boss, said the tramp, “can’t you give a poor man a quarter to help him along?  “Are you out of work? asked Chester, staying his step.
What is your business?  “I’m a blacksmith, ma’am.  “I thought you were a machinist and came from Pittsburg, interrupted Chester, in surprise.
I’d give twenty-five dollars if he was out of the office.  “Do you want me to break off acquaintance with him?  “No; keep on good terms with him.
Why, there were eighteen hundred dollars in the parcel!  “There were three parcels, and a roll of bills, Cousin David.  Mr. Mullins looked surprised.
I have not had time to form any plans.  “Do—do you think Cousin David will come back?  “I think it very improbable, said the broker, seriously.
I hope, Mr. Rand, you will make your home with us while you are in Portland.  “Thank you, Mrs. Trimble, but I have already secured lodgings at a hotel.
She arranged her flowers in many vases, till the communion table was like the window, a tangle of strong yellow, and crimson, and purple, and bronze-green.
I’ve done a fair amount of journalism, and nothing easier than to get cards from various newspapers.  “Yes, that’s a good suggestion, said James.
It had a new wooden slope up to the doors—and inside, a new wooden floor, with red-velvet seats in front, before the curtain, and old chapel-pews behind.
Then her face looked transparent and pallid, there were dark rings under her eyes, the beautifully-brushed hair shone dark like black glass above her ears.
Madame was lying, looking a little flushed and very girlish, sleeping lightly, with a strand of black hair stuck to her cheek, and her lips lightly parted.
Let us break up, let us part, _mes braves_, let us say adieu here in this _funeste_ Woodhouse.  “Oh, Madame, dear Madame, said Louis, “let us hope.
“What do you think he ought to do?  “He’s killing himself down there, in all weathers and freezing in that box-office, and then the bad atmosphere.
You cannot rob Natcha-Kee-Tawara in taking a pair of shoes—impossible!  “And I’m sure they are much too small for me.  “Ha! exclaimed Madame.
The new manager!—she thought of him for a moment—and thought of the mechanical factory-faced persons who _managed_ Wright’s and the Woodhouse Empire.
Geoffrey poured out some beer for him, saying:  “Drink, my Cic’, the bubble has burst, prfff! And Gigi knocked in his own puffed cheek with his fist.
I shall say we think of getting married in the summer, when we know each other better, and going to Italy.  “Why shall you say all that? said Ciccio.
“You know, said Louis, “somebody must have put them up to it—  “Perhaps, said Madame, “somebody on account of Allaye.  Alvina went white.
She thought it was some personal malevolence against the Tawaras themselves, probably put up by some other professionals, with whom Madame was not popular.
The train seemed to be tripping on the edge of the Mediterranean, round bays, and between dark rocks and under castles, a night-time fairy-land, for hours.
He and Alvina stood in the wide, stony river-bed, in the strong starlight, watching the dim figures of the ass and the men crawl upstream with the lantern.
Furthermore, narrative and dramatic technic, which the classical critics considered the most important elements in poetic, are now no longer called poetic.
His casual remarks, however, show such enlightened scholarship and keen insight that what little he did write makes up in importance what it lacks in bulk.
Sidney compares very elaborately philosophy, history, and poetry in an endeavor to show that poetry is the most effective instrument for forwarding virtue.
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org  1.E.2.
THE JOURNEY FROM SAMARKAND TO KULDJA                  115    V.   OVER THE GOBI DESERT AND THROUGH THE WESTERN GATE     149         OF THE GREAT WALL   VI.
As long as his horse was fresh, or until we were out of sight of the village, he would urge us on with cries of “Gellcha-buk (“Come on, ride fast).
From daylight, or, as the Koran reads, “from the time you can distinguish a white thread from a black one, no good Mussulman will eat, drink, or smoke.
A Russian official hailed us as we shot by, but we could not stop on the down-grade, and, besides, darkness was too rapidly approaching to brook any delay.
Both together cover an area as extensive as Paris, though the population is only 120,000, of which 100,000 are congregated in the native, or Sart, quarter.
Our ferry this time was not the back of a Chinese coolie nor a jolting ox-cart, but a spacious flat-boat made to accommodate one or two vehicles at a time.
When he demurs, the old lord threatens to deprive him of his estate, and he is compelled eventually to acquiesce in the matrimonial schemes of his guardian.
Sir Timothy serenades the newly-mated pair and is threatened by Bellmour, whilst Celinda, who has been watching the house, attacks the fop and his fiddlers.
Yes, and have the Consolation of seeing your frugal huswifery Miss in the Pit, at a Play, in a long Scarf and Night-gown, for want of Points, and Garniture.
Can I endure to see the Traytor there, who must to morrow rob me of my Heaven?--I’ll own my Flame--and boldly tell this Fop, she must be mine--  _Friend_.
It may be you will say, you’re Men of Sense; But Faith-- Were one of you o’th’ Stage, and I i’th’ Pit, He might be thought the Fop, and I the Wit.
That makes a Hell of the Heav’n of Love, and those very Pains you fear, are less tormenting than that Fear; what say you, Brother, is’t not so with you?
Damon _had ne’er subdued my Heart,   Had not_ Alexis _took his part:   Nor cou’d_ Alexis_ powerful prove,   Without my_ Damon’s _aid, to gain my Love.
No power of Man can do’t, thou art so guarded; but now the Priest is employed in clapping up the honourable Marriage between the False Count and Isabella.
Were I but sure she were but human now--for sundry Considerations she might down--but I will on--                      [_She goes, he follows; both go out_.
Love wakes the dull from sluggish Ease,   And learns a Clown the Art to please:   Humbles the Vain, kindles the Cold,   Makes Misers free, and Cowards bold.
She has undone my Prince, And he has most unluckily disarm’d himself, And put the Sword into his Rival’s hand, Who will return it to his grateful Bosom.
As Sir T. Herbert, Travels (1638), has a plural ‘Flambeauxes’ I have retained ‘Flambeaux’ as a singular here, though no other instance can be cited.
Give her out the flower’d Justacorps with the petticoat belonging to’t.’  p. 116 _Towers_, The tower at this time was a curled frontlet of false hair.
Ousley’s claim cannot be lightly set aside.’ There is nothing to add to this, and we can only say that Aphra Behn had such true lyric genius that ‘Oh!
Chester’s father had died of pneumonia about four years before the story commences, leaving his widow the cottage and about two hundred and fifty dollars.
I spent all last night at home as my mother can testify.  “Then how came your handkerchief here? demanded Silas, triumphantly, holding up the article.
It stands to reason that it couldn’t have walked here itself, and so of course it was brought here.  By this time two other villagers entered the store.
Do you know, he continued, changing the subject, “that you have got the situation I was after?  “I think I heard Mr. Mullins say something about it.
As you are a friend of Chester, do me the favor to buy yourself a ticket, and Mr. Perkins drew a two-dollar bill from his pocket and tendered it to Felix.
I used to think him quite a lively boy.  “I dare say he would do very well in a country store, but in the city we want boys to be active and wide awake.
Is it in the real estate business?  “No, I am engaged on _The Phoenix_, a new weekly humorous paper, as one of the regular staff of artists.  “Whew!
“I am glad to see you here so soon, Mr. Rand, he said, “as the parties with whom I am negotiating are anxious to conclude matters as soon as possible.
Email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact  Section 4.
Bacon dangled in pale rolls _almost_ over James’ doorway, whilst straw and paper, redolent of cheese, lard, and stale eggs filtered through the threshold.
“But—! stammered James Houghton, pushing his spectacles up on to his forehead, and making his long fleece of painfully thin hair uncover his baldness.
She did not care _how_ revolting and indecent these nurses were—she put on a look as if she were in with it all, and it all passed off as easy as winking.
He had been a school-teacher in Woodhouse: had gone out to South Africa and occupied a post in a sort of Grammar School in one of the cities of Cape Colony.
Alvina was quite content to be one of his mental and eternal friends, or rather _friendships_—since she existed _in abstractu_ as far as he was concerned.
And then at last the hearse and the cabs had arrived—the coffin was carried out—Alvina followed, on the arm of her father’s cousin, whom she disliked.
Wine from the pale-face shadows, drunken wine for Kishwégin, strange wine for the _braves_ in their nostrils, Vaali, _à vous_.  Madame lifted her glass.
He saw a little coloured portrait of a child with a fleece of brownish-gold hair and surprised eyes, in a pale-blue stiff frock with a broad dark-blue sash.
If Miss Houghton had what she _ought_ to have, things would be very different, I assure you.  “Oh yes, said Ciccio, to whom this address was directed.
I have a rice pudding every day of my life—every day of my life, I do.  The man was eating his pudding and pearling his big moustache copiously with it.
She felt that even in the eyes of the natives—the well-to-do part, at least—she lost a _little_ of her distinction when she was engaged to Dr. Mitchell.
They discussed plainly the things they thought about—even the most secret—and they were quite calm about the things they did—even the most impossible.
Strange, how eager they were for this embrace—how they all kept taking Ciccio’s hand, one after the other, whilst he smiled constrainedly and nervously.
Pancrazio had gone back to his old habit, he went across and ate with Giovanni and Maria, Ciccio and Alvina had their meals in their pleasant room upstairs.
(9) Neither we nor our officials will seize any land or rent in payment of a debt, so long as the debtor has movable goods sufficient to discharge the debt.
In the same way, a merchant shall be spared his merchandise, and a husbandman the implements of his husbandry, if they fall upon the mercy of a royal court.
Of the other five kinds, nomic, dithyrambic, and satiric poetry are mentioned only as illustrative of something Aristotle wishes to say about epic or drama.
Rhetoric as Part of Poetic   Implicit in Aristotle and throughout classical literary criticism there is a clear-cut distinction between poetic and rhetoric.
When, in his poem, he discusses the craft of writing as including coulours gay, he refers to the figures of classical rhetoric--Cicero's _colores verborum_.
He recommends that when a poet reads his verses, he should make his voice dolorous in bewailing a woeful tragedy, and his countenance glad in joyful matter.
The traditional view is that by persuading the reader to adhere to the good and shun the evil the poet achieves the proper end of poetry--moral improvement.
As his utmost concession to poetry, he will admit her if her defenders can prove not only that she is pleasant, but also useful to states and to human life.
A few words from the zaptiehs, who had advanced among them, seemed to put the Kurds at their ease, though they did not by any means appease their curiosity.
Beyond us was a region of snow and barren rocks, among which we still saw a small purple flower and bunches of lichens, which grew more rare as we advanced.
We might have gazed, in philosophic mood, over the whole of the Aras valley, which for 3000 years or more has been the scene of so much misery and conflict.
There was no evidence of the proximity of a Russian frontier, except the extraordinary size of the tea-glasses, from which we slaked our intolerable thirst.
In consequence of the first of a series of accidents to our wheels, we were for several days the guests of the director of the botanical gardens at Pishpek.
They started back in astonishment, and gazed at us as though we were demons of the air, until we disappeared again down the opposite and more gradual slope.
A caravan of Chinese traveling-vans, loaded with goods from India, were crossing at the time, on their way to the outlying provinces and the Russian border.
In company with the English missionary, Mr. Redfern, while attempting to get out of the city on the way to his mountain home, we were caught in another jam.
They followed us out of the city and over the three miles’ stretch to the mission premises, and there announced their intention of remaining indefinitely.
My Lord, now you talk of dancing, here’s your Baggage brought from a-board the Gally by your Seamen, who us’d to entertain you with their rustick Sports.
ten thousand tempests burst the belly of this day, wherein old _Francisco_ ventur’d Life and Limbs, Liberty and Wife to the mercy of these Heathen _Turks_.
I wonder at it--these Spirits are in their Nature kind, and peaceable--but you have basely injur’d some body--confess, and they will be satisfied--  _Bea_.
Ah, Fool, old dull besotted Fool--to think she’d love me--’twas by base means I gain’d her--cozen’d an honest Gentleman of Fame and Life--  L. _Ful_.
Isillia, Erminia’s woman, has already admitted Philander to her mistress’ chamber, when the lovers are surprised by the arrival of Alcippus on the scene.
I beg to day you’d lay that humour by, Till your Rencounter at the Nursery; Where they, like Centinels from duty free, May meet and wanton with the Enemy_.
poor Devils of no Mein nor Garb: Well, ‘tis a fine and frugal thing, this Honour, It covers a multitude of Faults: Even Ridicule in one of us is a-la-mode.
In Crowne’s _The Country Wit_ (1675) Act iii, I, there is a rather stupid play on this sense of the word confounded with its meaning ‘a hall or lobby’.
Mrs. Behn took the hint for this device from _L’Ecole des Maris_, ii, XIV, where Isabella feigning to embrace Sganarelle gives her hand to Valère to kiss.
The whole four parts, translated from the original Spanish into French, appeared in eight volumes, and an abridged version was made by the Marquis de Paulmy.
That’s twenty-five cents more’n the Wood boy is willin’ to take.  “Abel Wood doesn’t know anything about store work.  “I’ll soon learn him.
It was ten o’clock when Chester left the minister’s house—a late hour in Wyncombe—and he had nearly reached his own modest home before he met anyone.
Nobody saw him but you.  “I beg your pardon, Mr. Tripp, said the minister, “but I saw him about half-past ten walking in the direction of your store.
“Oh, yes, sneered Mr. Mullins, “new boys always say that.  There was a railing stretching across the office about midway, dividing it into two parts.
I believe I told you I am writing a book on ethnology.  “Yes, sir.  “I find a good deal of help in rare volumes which I consult at the Astor Library.
Will you allow Chester to go out with me for five minutes?  “Certainly.  David Mullins would have liked to refuse, but had no good excuse for doing so.
He may have been picked up by some other boat.  For the first time Trimble and Floyd saw the flaw in the story, which had been invented by Trimble himself.
“Then you don’t care to appoint Mr. Trimble?  “No, I think not.  “It is customary to appoint the husband, isn’t it, Mr. Coleman? asked Abner.
Poor Clariss, however, was dead—and if she had developed heart-disease because she wasn’t happy, well, she had died of her own heart-disease, poor thing.
He had been an odd-looking creature with round grey whiskers: to Alvina, always a creature, never a man: an atrocious leprechaun from under the Chapel floor.
His manner was oddly gallant, with a gallantry that completely missed the individual in the woman, circled round her and flew home gratified to his own hive.
And we have been drenched and deluged and so nearly drowned in perpetual floods of ordinariness, that tap-water tends to become a really hateful fluid to us.
The usual rather American-looking, clean-shaven, slightly pasty young man left Alvina quite cold, though he had an amiable and truly chivalrous _galanterie_.
“You haven’t got the girdle, he said, touching Mr. May’s plump waist—“and some flowers in your hair.  Mr. May here gave a sharp cry and a jump.
But the sullen watchfulness in her eyes, and the narrowed look in Ciccio’s, as he glanced at her, showed another state behind the obviousness of the words.
Impressed by their fine clothes, the English working-classes were none the less barbarians to him, uncivilized: just as he was to them an uncivilized animal.
But, although she only saw a section of him, the glimpse of his head was enough to rouse in her that overwhelming fascination, which came and went in spells.
He saw red, and without knowing, seized her by the shoulder, swung her back, and thrust her, pressed her against the wall as if he would push her through it.
She must never, if she could help it, enter into any interior but her own—neither into house nor church nor even shop or post-office, if she could help it.
Since it existed to adorn an occasion, it had to be considered; but unlike the oratory of the forum or of the council chamber it was not primarily practical.
He says that in prose one should use only literal names of things, and metaphors, or tropes[68]--which therefore are not literal names but substituted names.
The discussion of it in the treatises is usually an exposition of the mnemonic system of visual association, the discovery of which is ascribed to Simonides.
Isocrates cheerfully admits the accusation, and prides himself on the fact, affirming that his listeners take as much pleasure in his discourses as in poems.
The commoner renaissance idea of imitation is not that of Aristotle, but that of Plutarch, whose speaking picture so often appears in the critical treatises.
Very justly they believe that if one wants to persuade an audience to a course of action, he must interest his audience sufficiently to hold their attention.
In doing this, however, it is the   office of the poets to render what has actually been done in a different   guise with a certain beauty of covert figures.
Under the guise of the nymph, he says, is figured forth the flesh; under that of the corrupt youth, the world or the devil; under that of the friend, reason.
Before they reached us we were in the house of the commandant pasha, the military governor, to whom we had a letter of introduction from our consul at Sivas.
From the numerous questions he asked we felt certain of his genuine interest, and were more than pleased to see an occasional broad smile on his countenance.
Our own ascent being made as early as July 4,—in fact, the earliest ever recorded,—we found some snow as low as 8000 feet, and large beds at 10,500 feet.
Our ascent for two and a half hours longer was through a luxuriant vegetation of flowers, grasses, and weeds, which grew more and more scanty as we advanced.
Over the level ninety-mile stretch between Kasveen and the capital a so-called carriage-road has recently been constructed close to the base of the mountain.
Our entry into a crowded _dungan_, or native Mohammedan restaurant, the next morning, was the signal for exciting accounts of the events of the previous day.
The innkeeper’s grumblings incited the crowd which early assembled, and from their whispers and glances we could see that trouble of some kind was brewing.
That evening the son of the United States minister visited us, and offered a selection from his own wardrobe until a Chinese tailor could renew our clothing.
Now--I am well--pardon me, lovely Creature, If I betray a Passion, I’m too young To’ve learnt the Art of hiding; --I cannot hear you say that he was kind.
I do, who has oft spoke of _Bellmour_; We travel’d into _Italy_ together--But since, I hear, He fell in love with a fair cruel Maid, For whom he languishes.
Oh, what a damn’d lying Pimp is this!--_Sham_, didst thou not hire a Fellow, (because I was damnably in Love, and in haste) to marry us, that was no Parson?
Don _Carlos_, Governour of _Cadiz_, young and rich,    in love with _Julia_,                                Mr. _Smith_ _Antonio_, a Merchant, young and rich.
Very well; Sir, with your permission, I am resolved whether you will or no, to give the Ladies some divertisement,--bid ‘em come in; nay, Sir, you stir not.
I dare not name him, Sir, lest this small Beauty which you say adorns me, shou’d gain him your displeasure; he’s in your presence, Sir, and is your Slave.
In this Mrs. Behn exactly copies Shirley’s excellent comedy, _The Lady of Pleasure_, produced at the Private House in Drury Lane, October, 1635, (4to 1637).
|  Such will with any kind of Puppies play;             | But we must better know for what we pay:             | We must not purchase such dull Fools as they.
But come, Sir _Cautious_, let you and I take a turn i’th’ Garden, and get a right understanding between your Nephew Mr. _Bearjest_, and my Daughter _Dye_.
I’ll get my self hid in her Bed-chamber-- And something I will do--may serve us yet-- If all my Arts should fail--I’ll have recourse    [_Draws a dagger_.
Why, what art doing there--fiddle fadling--adod, you young Wenches are so loth to come to--but when your hand’s in, you have no mercy upon us poor Husbands.
To make you ‘mends, Sir, I bring you the certain News of the death of Sir _Thomas Gayman_, your Uncle, who has left you Two thousand pounds a year--  _Gay_.
This will the Gods; thy King yet more     Will give thee what those Gods adore;     And what they did create for thee_,     Alcippus, _look, for that is she_.
Farewel, _Aminta_, mayst thou want a Lover, When I shall hate both thee and thy whole Sex; I can endure your sober Cruelty, But do despise it clad in Jollity.
Ay, a Farce, which shall be call’d,--_The World in the Moon_: Wherein your Father shall be so impos’d on, as shall bring matters most magnificently about.
I came to tell you, Madam, my Master’s just taking Mule to go his Journey to Night, and that Don _Cinthio_ is in the Street, for a lucky moment to enter in.
By my Troth, just as ‘tis here.--Sir, I find you are a Person of most profound Intelligence--under Favour, Sir, are you a Native of the Moon, or this World?
--I being--one day in a musing Melancholy, walking by the Sea-side-- there arose, Sir, a great Mist, by the Sun’s exhaling of the Vapours of the Earth, Sir.
‘Yea and Nay’ was often derisively applied to the Puritans, and hence to their lineal descendants the Whigs, in allusion to the Scriptural injunction, _S.
The first English translation (by James Mabbe) of Aleman’s famous romance is, indeed, entitled _The Rogue_, and it had as running title _The Spanish Rogue_.
He felt that they were not quite friendless, and that there was still One, kinder and more powerful than any earthly friend, to whom they could look for help.
“How much salary do you expect to get?  “Five dollars a week.  “Who told you so?  “The gentleman who came in with me.  “Who is he?  “Mr.
They’ll take in an old man like you.  Before the aged man could renew his application the younger one had disappeared round the corner of the next street.
I hope you won’t have any trouble with that scoundrel in the office.  “Thank you, Mr. Perkins, but I am afraid I shall.  “Don’t mind it if you do.
She had a sweet voice, and sang in the choir of the chapel, and took the first class of girls in the Sunday-School of which James Houghton was Superintendent.
But even so, by continuous application, you could keep the room moderately warm, without feeling you were consuming the house’s meat and drink in the grate.
“You can say what you like—but I think he’s _very pleasant_, _very_ pleasant.  “Extremely intelligent, said James Houghton, shifting in his chair.
“In his dress, in his way, in everything—so unmanly.  “If I was you, Alvina, she said, “I shouldn’t see so much of Mr. May, in the drawing-room.
Well, by eleven o’clock he had cleared out a good deal—really, a very great deal—and many women had bought what they didn’t want, at their own figure.
She saw Ciccio rearing his yellow bicycle against the wall, and going with his head forward along the narrow, dark way of the back yard, to the scullery door.
I’m not going to bother with her any more. In truth, Woodhouse was in a fever, for three weeks or more, arranging Alvina’s unarrangeable future for her.
She started as if some unseen creature had stroked her with its paw, and she glanced swiftly round, to see the face of Ciccio mischievous behind her shoulder.
I _must_ look at it—  She got out of bed with some difficulty, wrapped her dressing-gown round her, pushed her feet into slippers, and went to the window.
But in the uncle the eyelids dropped in a curious, heavy way, the eyes looked dull like those of some old, rakish tom-cat, they were slightly rimmed with red.
Now one day when he came to do something to me, when I was tied up, he slipped back over this platform, and he pulled me, who was tied on the cross, with him.
Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.
Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.
But the rhetorical terminology in most cases carried with it rhetorical thinking, traces of whose influence persist in criticism of poetry to the present day.
In the procedure of the declamation schools the boys arose and delivered their speeches with frequent applause from the other students and from their parents.
A Poet (says Jonson) is a Maker, or a fainer: His Art, an Art of   imitation or faining, expressing the life of man in fit measure,   numbers, and harmony....
Rhetoric, which had long been taught, very naturally furnished the methods, the teachers, and in many cases the subject matter for this instruction in poetry.
Before the judgment seat of Dionysos, as is recorded in _The Frogs_ of Aristophanes, Aeschylus and Euripides engage in an interesting and instructive dispute.
Thus the dull, rude people, when they are unable to understand the moral implications of the poet's allegory, call the poets liars, deceivers, and flatterers.
Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.
Relief came at last, in the person of a messenger from Osman Beg, the inspector-general of agriculture of the Angora vilayet, bearing an invitation to supper.
About noon on April 20, our road turned abruptly into the broad caravan trail that runs between Smyrna and Kaisarieh, about ten miles west of the latter city.
It was some such fate as this that was predicted for us, should we ever attempt the ascent of Mount Ararat through the lawless Kurdish tribes upon its slopes.
No more fitting place than this could the fancy of the Kurds depict for the home of the terrible jinn; no better symbol of nature for the awful jaws of death.
We here saw that it would be extremely perilous, if not actually impossible, to attempt a descent on the rocks along its treacherous edge in such a hurricane.
He, having finished his university career and time of military service, was engaged in Tashkend in the interest of his father, a wholesale merchant in Moscow.
At the base of a volcano-shaped mountain lay the ruins of their former dens, from which only a year ago they were wont to sally forth on the passing caravans.
The calves of our legs, however, being left bare, we were obliged, for state occasions at least, to retain and utilize the upper portion of our old stockings.
The Ling Darin’s table, which, for the exceptional occasion, was set in the foreign fashion with knives and forks, fairly teemed with abundance and variety.
“Ah, said the viceroy, “that is a very bad thing about American politics. But in this censure he was even more severe on his own country than America.
At the same time he reveals his love as though he told the tale of another, but he is met with scorn and only bidden to fight the husband who has repulsed her.
For e’er I saw Mr. _Bellmour_, you spoke the kindest things of him, As would have mov’d the dullest Maid to love; And e’er I saw him, I was quite undone.
Hum--I hope it is not that same Bellmour come to forbid the Banes--if it be, he comes too late--therefore bring me first my long Sword, and then the Gentleman.
‘Tis coming this way, I tremble with my fears--hah, Death and the Devil, ’.is he--      _Enter Sir_ Feeble _and his Men arm’d, goes to the door, knocks_.
Yes, in your sense, _Pisaro_, But do not like the last demand he made; ’.was but an ill return upon his Prince, To beg his Mistress, rather challeng’d her.
Away, away, you are a foolish Girl, And look with too much pride upon your Beauty; Which like a gaudy flower that springs too soon, Withers e’er fully blown.
_A shower of tears his eyes let fall,   Which in the River made impress,   Then sigh’d, and_ Sylvia _false again would call,   A cruel faithless Shepherdess.
Like those who meet a Devil in the night, And all afrighted gaze upon the Fury, But dare not turn their backs to what they fear, Though safety lie behind them.
Alcander_, you so many Vows have paid, So many Sighs and Tears to many a Maid, That should I credit give to what you say, I merit being undone as well as they.
Faith--now we have disputed a point I never thought on before, I would willingly pursue it for the humour on’t, not that I think I shall much approve on’t.
‘_Stephano_, I long to have a Rowse to her Grace’s Health, and to the _Haunse in Kelder_, or rather Haddock in Kelder, for I guess it will be half Fish’.
_Gent_.’ (P. Ayres), as _Count Gabalis, or the Extravagant Mysteries of the Cabalists, exposed in five pleasant discourses_ (1680), and thus included in Vol.
I was going with him, but I have some writing to do, and you will do just as well.  “I shall be very happy to go with Mr. Conrad, said Chester, politely.
He saw by my dress that I was poor, and gave me a lecture on my shiftless ways.  “Still he might have taken care of you for one night.  “He wouldn’t.
Chester immediately recognized him as the gambler with whom he had seen the bookkeeper walking on the evening of his first visit to the house of Prof. Hazlitt.
Now, to tell you the truth, Mullins, I’m in a tight fix, and my bank account needs replenishing.  “So does mine, returned Mullins, with a sickly smile.
When Chester followed Mr. Perkins into the great dining room of the Fifth Avenue he was rather dazzled by its size and the glistening appearance of the tables.
“In my preface I shall mention your name, Chester, as my artistic collaborator.  “Couldn’t you mention my name, too, Uncle Edgar? asked Arthur Burks.
“I’m pretty smart, but few people find it out.  “You’d better ask the professor about Tacoma, suggested Arthur, during a pause in the conversation.
Let me ask how you became possessed of these lots?  “They were given to me by a friend now dead.  “What was his name?  “Walter Bruce.  “Indeed!
Taylor, said the broker, “this young gentleman is Chester Rand, owner of the lots which you wish to buy.  “Is it possible? ejaculated William Taylor.
Young or old, no individual, certainly no female left Woodhouse without spending an excited and usually hilarious ten minutes on the pavement under the window.
The terrible poignancy of the woman of fifty-two, who now at last had broken down, silenced the girl of twenty-three, and roused all her passionate tenderness.
She attended constantly on the invalid: she did a good deal of work about the house: she took her walks and occupied her place in the choir on Sunday mornings.
Happiness is a sort of soap-tablet—he won’t be happy till he gets it, and when he’s got it, the precious baby, it’ll cost him his eyes and his stomach.
So they streamed past her, home from work—grey from head to foot, distorted in shape, cramped, with curious faces that came out pallid from under their dirt.
He put on his coat, from which he had flicked the faintest suspicion of dust, and again settled himself to go out and meet James on the question of an advance.
They identify themselves with the heroes and heroines on the screen?  “Yes—they take it all to themselves—and there isn’t anything except themselves.
When Alvina came in from Chapel that Sunday evening, she found her widow, Mrs. Rollings, seated in the living room talking with James, who had an anxious look.
By the fire, which was burning brightly, sat a plump, pale woman with dark bright eyes and finely-drawn eyebrows: she might be any age between forty and fifty.
Why did you say that?  “Why, said Ciccio, answering Louis’ French in Italian, “I am tired of being dead, you see.  Madame and Max heard in silence.
I won’t stand it—I won’t stand it— He looked at Alvina with a look of frenzy as he lapsed again, fell with his head on his hands on his ticket-board.
He had no connection whatever with the proceedings—stood outside, self-conscious, uncomfortable, bitten by the wind, and hating the people who stared at him.
She opened the door looking a little patched in her cheeks, because of her curious colouring, and a little forlorn, and a little dumpy, and a little irritable.
She was about twenty-eight years old, pale, with great dark-grey eyes and an arched nose and black hair, very like a head on one of the lovely Syracusan coins.
Sometimes there was a house, sometimes a wood of oak-trees, sometimes the glimpse of a ravine, then the tall white glisten of snow above the earthly blackness.
If no debt is due to the Crown, all the movable goods shall be regarded as the property of the dead man, except the reasonable shares of his wife and children.
Their weakness consists not in that they restricted rhetoric to style, but in that their whole treatment of rhetorical theory was compact, arid, and schematic.
Comedy, he says, is a jocose poem beginning in sadness and ending in joy: a tragedy is a poem composed in the grand style beginning in joy and ending in grief.
He at least knew their names, and had read in Vossius, whose footnotes would refer him to all these sources as well as to others, both classical and mediaeval.
We must remain firm in our conviction, he says, that hymns to the gods and praises of famous men are the only poetry which ought to be admitted into our state.
B. Lombardus, for instance, in his preface to Maggi's edition of Aristotle's _Poetics_ (1550), differentiates logic, rhetoric, and poetic by the same criteria.
The English Proverbes   gathered by John Heywood, helpe well in this behalfe, the which commonly   are nothing els but Allegories, and darke devised sentences.
Quintilian[385] and Wilson[386] had already told this story to prove the effectiveness of the example as a rhetorical argument, a device of the public speaker.
He then proceeds to explain the historical, moral, and three allegorical senses of the story of Perseus and the Gorgon--the highest allegory being theological.
AN INTERVIEW WITH THE PRIME MINISTER OF CHINA         207                                LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS   THROUGH WESTERN CHINA IN LIGHT MARCHING ORDER.
Since the time that the title of Asia applied to the small coast-province of Lydia, this country has been the theater for the grandest events in human history.
These two travelers had met in Constantinople, and the young Greek, who could speak English, Greek, and Turkish, had been acting as interpreter for the artist.
From the bordering hillocks we emerged in a short time upon another vast plateau, which stretched far away in a gentle rise to the base of the mountain itself.
The tent in which we were now sitting was oblong in shape, covered with a mixture of goats’ and sheep’s wool, carded, spun, and woven by the Kurdish women.
Ice-tea was no doubt a luxury at this time of the year, but not on Mount Ararat, at the height of eleven thousand feet, with the temperature at freezing-point.
For this latter we had already obtained a possible route from the noted traveler, Colonel Stewart, whom we met on his way back to his consular post at Tabreez.
In a moment there was a din of feminine screams, and a flutter of garments, and then—a crashing of our pith helmets beneath the blows of pokers and andirons.
On entering a Chinese city we always made it a rule to run rapidly through until we came to an inn, and then lock up our wheels before the crowd could collect.
This narrow tract, now lying to our left between Hami and the Nan Shan mountains, is characterized by considerable diversity in its surface, soil, and climate.
These occasional summer rains form, here and there, temporary meres and lakes, which are soon evaporated, leaving nothing behind except a saline efflorescence.
As we rode down the principal thoroughfare, amid the usual din and uproar, a well-dressed Chinaman rushed out from one of the stores and grabbed us by the arm.
He, in turn, was a frequent partaker of our “foreign chows, which our English-speaking friends served with knives and forks borrowed from the missionaries.
Although on one of the imperial highways which once excited the admiration of Marco Polo, we were now treated to some of the worst stretches we have ever seen.
The _yamen_ courtyard, as we entered, was filled with empty palanquins and coolie servants waiting for the different mandarins who had come on official visits.
--Prithee forgive me, Boy--take breath, my Soul, Before thou do’st begin; for this--perhaps, may be So cruel kind, To leave thee none when thou hast ended it.
I’ll be hang’d first, by Fortune; for then ‘twill be plain ’.was I, because I challeng’d _Bellmour_ last Night, and broke my Assignation this Morning.
_She wou’d have spoke, but Shame deny’d,   And bad her first consult her Pride;   But soon she found that Aid was gone,   For Love, alas, had left her none.
No, no, I’ll try to force Nature a little, and be civil, or so; but as soon as the Ceremony’s over, I’ll steal out of Town, whip a way, presto, i’faith.
Ah, name not a Don, the very sound from the Mouth of a little Cit is disagreeable--Bargain and Sale, Bills, Money, Traffick, Trade, are words become you better.
No matter, that joy was evident she wisht me one, and by the first opportunity my diligent waiting will be recompensed; but where hast thou been all this while?
And _Valentinian_ all loose and ruffld a Moment after the Rape, and all this you see without Scandal, and a thousand others The _Moor of Venice_ in many places.
_Receive what Love and Fortune present you with, be grateful   and be silent, or ‘twill vanish like a dream, and leave you   more wretched that it found You_.
_Forget_ Aminta’s _proud Disdain;       Then taste, and sigh no more in vain,       The Joy of Love without the Pain,       The Joy of Love without the Pain_.
I tell you--if ever I thought in my Life--I thought I saw a Ghost--Ay, and a damnable impudent Ghost too; he said he was a--a Fellow here--they call _Bellmour_.
_Four enter from the four corners of the Stage, to Musick     that plays; they dance, and in the Dance, dance round ‘em,     and kick, pinch, and beat ‘em_.
Believe me, Sir, he merits all your Bounty, I only took example by his Actions; And all the part o’th’ Victory which I gain’d, Was but deriv’d from him.
That shall not serve his turn--go Tell him I’ll get his Pardon of the King, And set him free from other fears of Justice, But those which I intend to execute.
Falatius_, Sir, has long made love t’ _Isillia_, And now he’as gain’d her Heart, he slights the Conquest, Yet all the fault he finds is that she’s poor.
_Enter_ Scaramouch _with a Light, and seeing the two Lovers     there, runs against his Master, puts out the Candle, and     flings him down and falls over him.
‘Tis frequent, Sir, their Shapes are numerous; and ‘tis also in their power to transform all they touch, by virtue of a certain Stone they call the _Ebula_.
50 of Tempest’s _Cries of London_ (drawn and published in James II’s reign) is called ‘A Squire of Alsatia’, and represents a fashionable young gallant.
Also _Wit and Drollery_ (1681): Penelope to Ulysses:--      The Stools of _Dornix_ which that you may know well     Are certain stuffs Upholsterers use to sell.
In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.
The young man, encouraged perhaps by this evidence of interest, spoke, hurriedly:  “Do you know, he asked, “where I can get a bed for the night?  “Mr.
“Where I got my money is no concern of Mr. Tripp, as long as I don’t get it from him.  “Have I got to lose the money? asked Silas, in a tragical tone.
I should think I might need a hundred illustrations, and I am afraid I could not pay more than two dollars each.  A hundred illustrations at two dollars each!
Even a boy like you can see through that.  “He seemed to me like an honest man.  “Oh, well, you are from the country, and could not be expected to know.
Chester was not so much disturbed by his discharge, so far as it related to his own welfare, as by the thought that Mr. Fairchild’s interests were threatened.
In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.
Already in her twenty-eighth year, she spent her days grubbing in the house, whilst her father became an elderly, frail man still too lively in mind and spirit.
Suppose for the moment I enter an engagement as your manager, at a salary, let us say, of—of what, do you think?  “So much a week? said James pointedly.
Listen while I sing, love, promise you’ll be true, And linger longer longer linger linger longer Loo.   All the tunes that used to make Miss Frost so angry.
She found they were very much of a type: a little frowsy, a little flea-bitten as a rule, indifferent to ordinary morality, and philosophical even if irritable.
Ciccio opened his tawny-yellowish eyes, that seemed to have been put in with a dirty finger, as the saying goes, owing to the sootiness of the lashes and brows.
Ciccio, sitting with his arms on his knees on the sofa, screwed round his head and watched the phenomenon of Mr. May with inscrutable, expressionless attention.
“I’ve got used to them.  “They should be— he lifted his hand with a sharp, vicious movement—“_smacked_, he concluded, lowering his hand again.
Right, eh?  “I’ll think about it.  “Eleven o’clock, eh?  “I’ll think about it.  “Friends ever—Ciccio—eh? Geoffrey held out his hand.
Ciccio was handsome now: without war-paint, and roused, fearless and at the same time suggestive, a dark, mysterious glamour on his face, passionate and remote.
But when you feel as if you’d sink through the bed, an’ you don’t know what to do with yourself—  “Take a little beef-tea, or a little rice pudding.
She knew Scarborough quite well: and quite quickly found rooms which she had occupied before, in a boarding-house where she had stayed with Miss Frost long ago.
She went to bed at nine o’clock, having decided in a jerk to go to London and find work in the war-hospitals at once: not to leave off until she had found it.
People stood darkly, excitedly about, women with an odd, shell-pattern head-dress of gofered linen, something like a parlour-maid’s cap, came and stared hard.
In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
My greatest debt is to Professor Charles Sears Baldwin, whose constant inspiration, enlightened scholarship, and friendly encouragement made this book possible.
In the second place, even in his day there were many text-books of rhetoric with which Aristotle finds fault for their incomplete and unphilosophical treatment.
Moreover, such stylistic artifice as was practiced and taught by Gorgias, Isocrates, and other sophists crept into tragedy, says Norden, beginning with Agathon.
Aristotle's philosophy of rhetoric, Cicero's charming dialog on his profession, Quintilian's treatise on the teaching of rhetoric--none of these is a text-book.
Clement of Alexandria was a product of the same rhetoric schools and an excellent teacher of his subject before he recognized the divine origin of Christianity.
The fables of Aesop are such allegories or examples; and they are useful because they make their point more interestingly than other arguments and more clearly.
When Ben Jonson writes in his _Timber_ For the Fable and Fiction is, as it were, the forme and Soule of any Poeticall worke or _Poeme_[419] the change had come.
In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
A few days before, we heard, a similar application had been made by an English traveler from Bagdad, but owing to certain suspicions the permission was refused.
As Bayazid lies hidden behind a projecting spur of the mountains we could obtain no view of the peak itself until we had tramped some distance out on the plain.
“Yes; what was that? they echoed, and then made a rush for the manipulator of the black box, which they evidently took for some instrument of the black art.
It occurred to us that Turkey was adopting a rather poor method of clipping the wings of these mountain birds, by selling them the very best equipments for war.
Then on we climbed till ten o’clock, to a point about 9000 feet, where we stopped for lunch in a quiet mountain glen, by the side of a rippling mountain rill.
The muleteer gave up in despair, and refused even to help us carry our loads to the top of an adjoining hill, whither the zaptiehs had proceeded to wait for us.
On both sides, and above us, lay the pure white snow; below us a huge abyss, into which the rocky ridge descended like a darkened stairway to the lower regions.
This we watched hour after hour, as it rose in unrivaled beauty toward the zenith, until at last it began to fade away in the first gray streaks of the morning.
This we crossed by a rude rope-ferry, filled at the time with a passing caravan, and then began at once to ascend the valley of the Tchirtchick toward Tashkend.
Millet and coarse flour, from which the _mien_ or dough-strings are made, is the foundation, at least, for more than half the subsistence of the common classes.
This was much better adapted to our purpose than the Russian custom, which compelled us to do the greater part of our day’s work on merely bread and weak tea.
This we nicknamed our “Gobi cake, although it did taste rather strongly of brackish water and the garlic of previous contents of the one common cooking-pot.
The flag-decked streets, as we rode through, were filled with the neighboring peasantry, attracted by some traveling theatrical troupe engaged for the occasion.
“It is a little mule, said he, “that you drive by the ears, and kick in the sides to make him go. A dignified smile overspread the viceroy’s features.
In 2001, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future generations.
Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.
Oh, yes, Sir, many things; I love my Meat, I love abundance of Adorers, I love choice of new Clothes, new Plays; and, like a right Woman, I love to have my Will.
So, God be prais’d, the Storm is laid--And now, Mrs. _Celinda_, give me leave to ask you, if it be with your leave, this Affront is put on a Man of my Quality?
She has a Spirit equal to her Beauty, As mighty and tyrannick; yet she has Goodness, And I believe enough inclin’d to Love, When once her Pride’s o’ercome.
But since y’are so free, Sir, I demand that Fortune, which by my Father’s Will y’are bound to pay the day after your Wedding-Day; my Sister’s too is due.
But go some of you immediately, and take Officers along with you, and remove his Quarters from a Baudy-house to a Prison: charge him with the Murder of his Wife.
Some Comfort, I shall be Father to a Viscount, and for the rest--Patience--    _All Nations Cuckolds breed, but I deny    They had such need of Cuckolding as I_.
How every thought of that shocks all my Resolution!-- But hang it, I’ll be resolute and saucy, Despise a Woman who can use me ill, And think my self above her.
But I being to go to the Devil a little, Sir, whip--what does he, but marries her himself, Sir; and fob’d me off here with my Lady’s cast Petticoat--  _Noi_.
A double tie obliges me to be Strict to my Vows, my Love and Amity; For my own sake the first I’ll ne’er decline, And I would gladly keep the last for thine.
The earliest use of the name is Thomas Towel’s quarto tract, _Wheresoever you see meet, Trust unto Yourselfe: or the Mysterie of Lending and Borrowing_ (1623).
III: ‘And a black sattin suit of his own to go before her in; which suit (for the more sweet’ning) now lies in Lavender.’  p. 210 _Enter Rag and Landlady_.
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the United States.
Just before he reached the store, he met Abel Wood, a loose-jointed, towheaded boy, with a stout body and extraordinarily long legs, who greeted him with a grin.
I came in on a shopping excursion, and I want you to go with me and take care of me.  Rob grumbled a little, but, of course, acceded to his mother’s request.
I suppose Long will call at the office to-morrow?  “Yes; I advised him to.  The next day, about twenty minutes after twelve, James Long entered the office.
“I passed your office this morning, Chester, said Arthur Burks, “and thought of calling in, but I was in haste.  “You wouldn’t have found me, Arthur.
“I am James Sharpleigh, a detective.  Mullins listened in dismay, for Sharpleigh’s name was familiar to him as one of the cleverest detectives in the city.
But, prejudiced against her son as she had been by her husband’s misrepresentations, she feared that this was only another proof of Edward’s moral decadence.
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the United States.
“I’ll go to Miss Pinnegar for thy shirts this time, my lad, said the harassed mothers, “and see if _they’ll_ stand thee. It was almost like a threat.
James would attack some portion of his stock, make a wild jumble of it, spend a delirious Wednesday and Thursday marking down, and then open on Friday afternoon.
They began even to dislike her, and a pretty scandal was started about the pair, in the pleasant room where Miss Frost had her piano, her books, and her flowers.
Arthur also occasionally cast a judicious eye on her, as if she were a chimney that needed repairing, and he must estimate the cost, and whether it was worth it.
Their natures are all different, and so they should all feel different, about practically everything.  “There would be no end to the confusion, said James.
The forward drop of his head was curiously beautiful to her, the straight, powerful nape of the neck, the delicate shape of the back of the head, the black hair.
He pushes holes in the toes—you see? Madame poked two fingers through the hole in the toe of a red-and-black sock, and smiled a little maliciously at Alvina.
She noticed how he dropped his head forward from his straight, strong shoulders, how beautiful that was, the strong, forward-inclining nape and back of the head.
You will stay one night at Woodhouse?  Through Alvina’s mind flitted the rapid thought—“They want an evening without me. Her pride mounted obstinately.
And still he gazed up at her, with the heavy, unspeaking look, that seemed to bear her down: he seemed like some creature that was watching her for his purposes.
You know what they say in my place: You can live without food, but you can’t live without fire.  “But I thought it was always hot in Naples, said Alvina.
She made out, with the lawyer’s help, that the claims against her father’s property exceeded the gross estimate of his property by some seven hundred pounds.
Once more it was about the sleeping accommodation—whether the landlady heard anything in the night—whether she noticed anything in the bedrooms, in the beds.
Fortunately, when she had finally cleared her things from Manchester House, she had brought with her her nurse’s certificate, and recommendations from doctors.
The matron, a lady-doctor, a clergyman’s daughter, and the wives of two industrial magnates of the place, these five, and then Alvina, formed the little group.
But it isn’t a _mental_ treat—  Alvina thought of Mrs. Tuke, who complained that Tommy talked music and pseudo-philosophy _by the hour_ when he was wound up.
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the United States.
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the United States.
The present discussion, therefore, considers various critics' ideas of the nature of poetry in Part I, and then separately in Part II their ideas of its purpose.
From this store-house of images, or after effects of sensation, the reasoning faculty derives the materials for thought as well as those for artistic expression.
Thus it is in the rhetorical treatises of England and Germany in the middle ages that rhetoric was to the greatest extent restricted to a consideration of style.
No Elizabethan writer alludes to it or seems to have been aware of its existence until Thomas Farnaby cites it as an authority for his _Index Rhetoricus_ (1633).
This practical element in Roman criticism is well illustrated by Horace, whose statements have sometimes been made to support opinions which Horace did not hold.
Unfortunately for Greek religion the philosophers did not determine which episodes in the histories of the gods were valid as doctrine and which were fictitious.
His instance will bear quotation:    It is evil putting strong Wine into weake vesselles, that is to say, it   is evil trusting some women with weightie matters.
He illustrates by Pliny's story of the grateful dragon, and by Appian's story of the grateful lion, how a speaker may enlarge on the duty of gratitude among men.
What profits the moral lesson of such a play if after witnessing the performance a man walk away with a woman whose acquaintance he has just made in the theatre.
Speaking of examples in poetry, he says, Right so no kinde of argument in all the Oratorie craft doth better perswade and more universally satisfie then example.
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the United States.
Whenever a pretty child is playing upon the street the passers-by will say: “Oh, what an ugly child! for fear of inciting the evil spirit against its beauty.
This over, they concluded not to go on without sandals to take the place of their heavy military boots, as at this point their horses would have to be discarded.
The surface of these large snow-beds had frozen during the night, so that we had to cut steps with our ice-picks to keep from slipping down their glassy surface.
Both the Turkish and Persian mail is carried in saddle-bags on the backs of reinless horses driven at a rapid gallop before the mounted mail-carrier or herdsman.
The rear-guard rushed to the front with drawn weapons; but even they started back at the sound of our voices, as we attempted in broken Turkish to reassure them.
We ourselves were employed in this pious work at the close of our first day’s journey from Meshed when we were suddenly aroused by a bantering voice behind us.
Through the kindness of the railway authorities at Bokhara station our car was side-tracked to enable us to visit, ten miles away, that ancient city of the East.
Owing to the predominant influence of Russia in these northwestern confines, our Russian papers would have been quite sufficient to cross the border into Kuldja.
We became so harassed with importunities to ride that we were compelled at last to seek relief in subterfuge, for an absolute refusal, we found, was of no avail.
“That, of course, is problematical, we answered, with the embarrassment men of our age might feel at being instigated to talk politics with a prime minister.
Royalty payments must be paid within 60       days following each date on which you prepare (or are legally       required to prepare) your periodic tax returns.
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the United States.
Sir, I assure you, it shall be so great a Secret for me, that I will never ask you who the happy Woman is, that’s chosen for this great Work of your Conversion.
I humbly beg your Pardon, if I tell you, That had she Beauty such as Heav’n ne’er made, Nor meant again t’inrich a Woman with, It cou’d not take my Heart.
We have none of that _Italian_ Humour now-a-days, I can assure ye; they will sooner, with a brotherly kindness, assist the yielding Sister to the willing Gallant.
This Term, we shall make the former Marriage void; till then love on, and fear no Frowns from Fortune--but Nephew--now I hope your Brother shall have his Portion.
No, dissemble that Fault, I beseech you, ‘twill make you odious to her and all the world, when ‘tis needless, ’.is natural for Women to hate what they fear.
_Ant_.--I’m sure ‘tis _Carlos’s_ voice, and with a Woman; And though he be my Rival but in Jest, I have a natural curiosity to see who ‘tis he entertains.
He has seen Don _Carlos_, and they have been in great discourse together, I cou’d not hear one word, but you’ll have it at both ears anon, I’ll warrant you.
So, her Husband, kind heart, lest she should be cruel, has himself given me the dear opportunity.--[_Aside_.--Be sure you keep the old Fellow in discourse awhile.
I have seen in that admirable Play of _Oedipus_, the Gown open’d wide, and the Man shown, in his Drawers and Waist coat, and never thought it an Offence before.
I’m sorry for’t, or that ever I did any thing that could deserve it: put up your Sword--an honest man wou’d say how he’s offended, before he rashly draws.
Ah, _Julia, Julia!_ if this soft Preparation Were but to bring me to thy dear Embraces; What different Motions wou’d surround my Soul, From what perplex it now.
Ods bobs, you young Fellows are too hard for us every way, and I’m engag’d at an old Game with a new Gamester here, who will require all an old Man’s stock.
A Cuckold!--why, ’.is a word--an empty sound--’tis Breath--’tis Air--’tis nothing:--but three hundred Pounds--Lord, what will not three hundred Pounds do?
Comfort I find a stranger to my heart, Nor canst thou ought of that but thus impart; Thou shouldst with joy a death to him procure, Who by it leaves _Alcippus’.
If it were just, it ought not here to end; --If not--I’ve done too much--      [_One knocks, he rises after a little pause,     and opens the door; enter_ Page.
| They from the publick Bank she did maintain, And freed from want, they only writ for Fame; And were as useful in a City held, As formidable Armies in the Field.
A comic combat between Harlequin and Scaramouch forms one of the traditional incidents (_Lazzi_), which occur repeatedly in the Italian and Franco-Italian farces.
I had to get up at half-past four, work till seven in the evening, and all for a dollar a week and board.  “Was the board good? inquired Chester, curiously.
“Cousin David, said Felix to the bookkeeper one day, “I don’t see how it happens that Chester is so well supplied with cash.  “Is he? asked Mullins.
Can I do anything for you this morning?  “Yes; you can let me have a hundred dollars.  “I can’t do that, answered the bookkeeper, with a slight frown.
The house of Houghton had always been well-to-do: tradespeople, we must admit; but after a few generations of affluence, tradespeople acquire a distinct _cachet_.
But she, poor darling, from her stone hall in stony Derbyshire, was a little bit repulsed by the man’s dancing in front of his stock, like David before the ark.
At half-past six in the morning there was a clatter of feet and of girls’ excited tongues along the back-yard and up the wooden stair-way outside the back wall.
It was doubtful which shadow was greater over the child: that of Manchester House, gloomy and a little sinister, or that of Miss Frost, benevolent and protective.
“You see, dear, said Miss Frost, agitated: “if you knew what you wanted, it would be easier to see the way.  “I want to be a nurse, rapped out Alvina.
When Alvina went up to her mother’s room, on her return, all the poor invalid could do was to tremble into tears, and cry faintly:  “Child, you look dreadful.
But he was not bad-looking, a tight fellow with big blue eyes, who aspired to keep his “h’s in the right place, and would have been a gentleman if he could.
She might slave her days away teaching the piano, as Miss Frost had done: she might find a subordinate post as nurse: she might sit in the cash-desk of some shop.
Compared with Lumley, Woodhouse, whose church could be seen sticking up proudly and vulgarly on an eminence, above trees and meadow-slopes, was an idyllic heaven.
He would accept the ten pounds—but really, did ever you hear of anything so ridiculous in your life, _ten pounds!_—dirty old screw, dirty, screwing old woman!
Madame lifted her plump hand and fended off Alvina, while she made her last declaration:  “Never—never have I missed my work, for a single day, for ten years.
Madame mournfully shook her head, opened her mouth, and sat back with closed eyes and the stump of the thermometer comically protruding from a corner of her lips.
But she felt that a great instinctive good-naturedness came out of him, he was self-conscious and constrained, knowing she did not follow his language of gesture.
For answer, he looked at her, held out his hand, and rubbing the ball of his thumb across the tips of his fingers, said, with a fine, handsome smile:  “Pennies!
The pictures are cheap, and they are easy, and they cost the audience nothing, no feeling of the heart, no appreciation of the spirit, cost them nothing of these.
Madame was left alone in her comfortable chair, studying details of the room and making accounts in her own mind, until the actual funeral guests began to arrive.
All the time her rings sparkled, her red brooch sent out beams, she laughed and was gay, she was quick, and she flattered Madame by being very deferential to her.
When later she pressed her face on his chest and cried, he held her gently as if she was a child, but took no notice, and she felt in the darkness that he smiled.
Let us wait.  “If you think it’s me, said Alvina, “I can go away.  “Oh, my dear, you are only the excuse, said Madame, smiling indulgently at her.
She became a handsome, reposeful woman, jolly with the other nurses, really happy with her friend the matron, who was well-bred and wise, and never over-intimate.
Tommy had taken a fancy to him, and had half engaged him as a sort of personal attendant: the sort of thing Tommy would do, not having paid his butcher’s bills.
On the other hand Newman, while granting that a metrical garb has in all languages been appropriated to poetry, still urges that the essence of poetry is fiction.
It is noteworthy that in his _ut pictura poesis_ Horace is not pressing the analogy between the arts as did subsequent critics who quoted his phrase incompletely.
In the second place, the recovery of classical criticism in the Italian renaissance antedated by a hundred years the domestication of classical theory in England.
Scaliger, preoccupied as he was with style, found his ideal of tragedy not in the plays of the great Greeks, but in the closet dramas of the declamatory Spaniard.
If he became a poet, he did not forget the lessons of his youth; or if he became a teacher of literature or a professor of rhetoric, he perpetuated the tradition.
One stalwart youth showed such a spirit of opposition that we were obliged to eject him upon a crowded stairway, causing the mob to go down like a row of tenpins.
On the morning of July 8, in company with a body-guard of zaptiehs, which the mutessarif forced upon us, we wheeled down from the ruined embattlements of Bayazid.
At sunset we were scaling the fifth ridge since leaving Kuchan at daybreak, and a few minutes later rolled up before the Persian custom-house in the valley below.
To secure us against this inconvenience, and to gain some special attention, a letter was obtained from the overseer of the Turkestan post and telegraph district.
He stopped short some twenty feet away, leaped to the ground, and, crawling up on hands and knees, began to _chin-chin_ or knock his head on the ground before us.
We listened to his entreaties on the condition that we should be allowed to mount to the roof with a ladder, to get away from the annoying curiosity of the crowd.
To the good-will of the mandarins, as well as the people, an indispensable concomitant of a journey through China, our bicycles were after all our best passports.
_The False Count; or, A New Way to Play an Old Game_ was produced at the Duke’s Theatre, Dorset Garden, in the autumn of 1682, not later than the end of October.
Some way I will contrive to speak with him, for he has lost his old wont if he traverse not the Street where you live: but see Donna _Clara_.--      _Enter_ Clara.
Why, I’ll tell you, Sir, what an odd sort of a Wound I received in a Duel the other day,--nay, Ladies, I’ll shew it you; in a very odd place--in my back parts.
That once seem’d pleas’d at _Bellmour’s_ Flame and mine, And smiling join’d our Hearts, our sacred Vows, And spread your Wings, and held your Torches high.
Your very Tears already have betray’d Its weak inconstant nature; _Alcippus_, should he look upon thee now, would swear thou wert not that fine thing he lov’d.
Well, I must either resolve never to provoke His Jealousy, or be able to rencounter his Other fury, his Valour; that were a good Resolve if I be not past all hope.
Come, come, recal what you have rashly said; And own to morrow that thou art no Maid: Thy Blushes do betray thy willingness, And in thy lovely Eyes I read success.
Alcippus_, you this language will forbear, When you shall know how powerful you are; For whilst you here endeavour to subdue, The best of Women languishes for you.
Set _Galatea’s_ Charms before your Eyes, Think of the Glory to divide a Kingdom; And do not waste your noble Youth and Time Upon a peevish Heart you cannot gain.
Erminia_, do not sooth my easy Heart, For thou my Fate, and thou my Fortune art; Whatever other blessings Heaven design, Without my dear _Erminia_, I’ll decline.
From the front, however, they were invisible, and as it seemed that Woodward was being thrown to a dangerous height this spectacle immensely pleased the galleries.
What, did you take me for an easy Fool to be impos’d upon?--One that wou’d be cuckolded by every feather’d Fool; that you’d call a _Beau un Gallant Homme_.
have added to the list ‘_Gingle_, a Music Master; A Post-man; _Susan_, Servant to Sir _Feeble; Phillis, Leticia’s_ Woman.’  p. 191, l. 20 _Enter Mr. Gingle_.
It has been suggested that the passage be punctuated with a full stop at ’.all.’ and continue ‘Ah, cruel’ with the punctuation of former editions retained.
The Court Bawds, Balbus, Proculus, Chylax, Lycinius, with the ‘lewd women belonging to the court’, Ardelia and Phorba, are important characters in the tragedy.
“Then I will accept your kind offer, for indeed I am very unwell.  Before the end of the day the young man was obliged to go to bed, and a doctor was summoned.
“Good-evenin’, ma’am, I thought I’d call in and inquire how you were gettin’ along.  “Thank you, Mr. Tripp, for the interest you show in our affairs.
“What was taken?  “Oh, lots and lots of money was taken from the drawer, and the window in the back of the store was left open.  “I’m sorry to hear it.
In fact, I had almost forgotten about them.  “Sometime they may prove valuable.  “I wish it might be soon.  “I fancy you will have to wait a few years.
I will be the professor and you the pupil.  Chester soon became interested, and at the end of half an hour his teacher declared that he had improved wonderfully.
This, added to the five dollars a week from Mr. Fairchild, gave him an aggregate salary of fifteen dollars a week, so that he was always amply provided with money.
“Here is the letter you sent me, and here is a copy of my reply.  The broker took the letter from Chester’s hand and all doubt vanished from his countenance.
From this time forth I will stand by you and protect you from all that is unpleasant.  Edward spoke with a courage and manliness which he had not formerly shown.
He always thought that Dame Fortune was a capricious and fastidious dame, a sort of Elizabeth of Austria or Alexandra, Princess of Wales, elegant beyond his grasp.
Alvina reached the age of twenty-three, and it looked as if she were destined to join the ranks of the old maids, so many of whom found cold comfort in the Chapel.
Married or unmarried, it was the same—the same anguish, realized in all its pain after the age of fifty—the loss in never having been able to relax, to submit.
She found a copy of _The Lancet_, and saw an advertisement of a home in Islington where maternity nurses would be fully trained and equipped in six months’ time.
Her fore-arms were thin, they rested very still in her lap, there was a ladylike stillness about them as she took her walk, in her lingering, yet watchful fashion.
And at the end of October set in the most abominable and unbearable weather, deluges of rain and north winds, cutting the tender, summer-unfolded people to pieces.
“Thank you.  James Houghton looked over the top of his spectacles, searchingly, at the flowers, as if they had been a bunch of white and sharp-toothed ferrets.
Alvina imagined herself leading a chorus of collier louts, in a bad atmosphere of “Woodbines and oranges, during the intervals when the pictures had collapsed.
Never would she forget the eagle that flew with terrible spread wings between his shoulders, or the strange mazy pattern that netted the roundness of his buttocks.
You shall bid me, and I shall obey.  So Madame lay back on her pillow, submissively pursing the thermometer between her lips and watching Alvina with black eyes.
“I don’t approve of your way of sport, I’m afraid.  “You can’t disapprove of it as much as I hate your spoil-sport existence, said Alvina in a flare.
“To you, lout of an Italian.  Max’s colour was up, he held himself erect, his brown hair seemed to rise erect from his forehead, his blue eyes glared fierce.
Louis, who knew where to find French and German stuff, came in with bundles, Ciccio returned with a couple of flasks, Geoffrey with sundry moist papers of edibles.
But when you come to my age, you know you’ve _got_ to bother, and bother a great deal, if you’re not going to find yourself in a position you’d be sorry for.
And she thought to herself: “Whatever life may be, and whatever horror men have made of it, the world is a lovely place, a magic place, something to marvel over.
Roma!_ What was it to Alvina but a name, and a crowded, excited station, and Ciccio running after the luggage, and the pair of them eating in a station restaurant?
From laden asses vegetables were unloaded, from little carts all kinds of things, boots, pots, tin-ware, hats, sweet-things, and heaps of corn and beans and seeds.
First there were the _figurae verborum_, or figures of language, which sought agreeable sounds alone or in combination, such as antitheses, rhymes, and assonances.
The Content of Classical Rhetoric Carried Over into Logic   But among serious people the painted and perfumed Dame Rethoryke of Lydgate and Hawes was in disrepute.
The advance of classical scholarship in England is indeed no better illustrated than by a comparison of Farnaby's cited sources with those of Thomas Wilson (1553).
The first variety is essentially the same as a rhetorical example; it is an extended metaphor used as an argument to enforce a point and thus persuade an audience.
In his suspicion that in most cases the fable was first and the interpretation after, Bacon was in complete agreement with Rabelais in the prologue of _Gargantua_.
The buyer offers one half or one fourth of what he finally expects to pay; and a war of words, in a blustering tone, leads up to the close of this every-day farce.
Not so was it with the Kurdish chief, who by this time had finished reading the mutessarif’s message, and who now advanced from his tent with salaams of welcome.
For on the way they are usually met by a messenger, who proffers them a cup of coffee, a sword, and a rope, from which they are to choose the method of their doom.
Our average rate was about seven miles an hour, although the roads were sometimes so soft with dust or sand as to necessitate the laying of straw for a foundation.
One of their games of chance, which we have frequently noticed, seems to consist in throwing their fingers at one another, and shouting at the top of their voices.
Our fare in China, outside the Gobi district, was far better than in Turkey or Persia, and, for this reason, we were better able to endure the increased hardships.
The Dungan restaurant-keeper would not cook it, and only after much persuasion consented to have it prepared outside and brought back to be eaten beneath his roof.
You are beholding to _Don Quixot_ for that, and ‘tis so many Ages since thou couldst see to read, I wonder thou hast not forgot all that ever belong’d to Books.
I might, with some excuse, give my self away to _Carlos_--But oh, he’s false, he takes unjustly all the Vows he paid me, and gives ‘em to my Sister _Clara_ now.
Good day, Sir, I hope you will not chide my tardiness, I have a little overslept my self, and am ashamed to see my lovely Bride, and all this worthy Company attend.
And that the dear Balcony That has so oft been conscious of our Loves; From whence she has sent me down a thousand Sighs, A thousand looks of Love, a thousand Vows.
Ay, ay, this Grievance ought to be redrest, Sir _Feeble_; the grave and sober part o’th’ Nation are hereby ridicul’d,--Ay, and cuckolded too for ought I know.
You, Madam, do alone your Sorrows bear, Which would be less, did but _Alcippus_ share; As Lovers we agree, I’ll not deny, But thou art lov’d again, so am not I.
But still methinks, _Erminia_, you are sad, A heaviness appears in those fair Eyes, As if your Soul were agitating something Contrary to the pleasure of this night.
Indeed I do not much, for I can guess She takes the party of the Prince her Brother; And this is only to delay those Joys, Which she perhaps believes belong to him.
That was my Fate, not Fault, I knew him not: But yet to make up my offence to you, I offer you my life; for I’m undone, If any faults of mine should make you sad.
--So now, my Heart, I have redeem’d thee nobly, Sit down and pause a while-- But why so still and tame, is one poor Murder Enough to satisfy thy storm of Passion?
It cannot be, and yet methinks I give A strange and sudden credit to this Spirit, It beckon’d me into another room; I’ll follow it, and know its business there.
The famous [Greek: Ikaromenippos hae hypernephelos]--’Icaromenippus; or, up in the Clouds.’ Mrs. Behn no doubt used the translation of Lucian by Ferrand Spence.
Royalty payments      must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you      prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax      returns.
A moment later, Constable Perkins came in, escorting the tramp, who was evidently under the influence of strong potations, and had difficulty in holding himself up.
He saw instinctively that his relations with Mr. Mullins were not likely to be cordial, and he suspected that if the bookkeeper could get him into trouble he would.
If any tenant comes to pay money, take it and give a receipt.  “All right, sir.  When they were in the street, Felix asked:  “Where did you pick up the boy?
I don’t understand why he should employ such a fellow as Mullins.  “Perhaps he hasn’t found him out.  “Mullins will find it hard to explain this matter.
“I shall work in my room.  “But what work can you do there?  “I am an artist; that is, I am to make drawings for a new magazine.  “You don’t say so?
What do you propose to do with the four thousand dollars you will receive in cash?  “I have not had time to think.  “I will venture to give you some advice.
“I wish I could see the young man whose life you saved, she said, after a pause, “Have you his name and address?  “No, ma’am; he didn’t even thank me.
Cling like a bat and sway for ever swooning in the draughts of the darkness—  When she was up on the earth again she blinked and peered at the world in amazement.
In the morning she died—lay there haggard, death-smeared, with her lovely white hair smeared also, and disorderly: she who had been so beautiful and clean always.
Then I go with the little boats on the sea—fishing, carrying people— He flourished his hand as if to make her understand all the things that must be wordless.
“Well then, he said, “I am to take it that silence gives consent. And he laughed nervously, with nervous anticipation, as he tried to put his arm round her.
If, however, the heir of any of the aforesaid has been under age and in wardship, let him have his inheritance without relief and without fine when he comes of age.
To the sound of sentences all classical treatises give an attention that seems amazing if we forget that in Greece and Rome all literature was spoken or read aloud.
Of the classical treatises on rhetoric which survive to-day it undoubtedly arouses the least interest and can contribute the least to modern education or criticism.
Vossler has summarized renaissance theories of the nature of poetry as passing through three stages: of theology, of oratory, and finally of rhetoric and philology.
Philosophers employ examples from history for our correction and instruction, and the poets differ from them only by inventing and presenting fictitious narratives.
Royalty payments      must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you      prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax      returns.
When we learned that the old gentleman (Ignaz Raffl by name) was a member of an Alpine club and an experienced mountain-climber, we urged him to join in the ascent.
Far from being veiled and shut up in harems, like their Turkish and Persian sisters, the Kurdish women come and go among the men, and talk and laugh as they please.
The arch soon faded away, and the shadows lengthened and deepened across the plain, and mingled, till all was lost to view behind the falling curtains of the night.
As we stood on a prominent ridge taking a last look at Mount Ararat, now more than fifty miles away, a storm came upon us, showering hailstones as large as walnuts.
General Bauman at Vernoye had informed us that in this way English goods were swung clear around the circle and brought into Russia through the unguarded back door.
When asked if they had an egg or a piece of vegetable, they would shout “_Ma-you_ (“There is none) in a tone of rebuke, as much as to say: “My conscience!
Near that same fortieth parallel of latitude on which our Asiatic journey was begun and ended, we now struck, at its extreme western limit, the Great Wall of China.
And yet you let him live; Live too with all his Charms, as fine and gay, As if you meant he shou’d undo all easy Maids, And kill ‘em for their Sin of loving him.
My Uncle’s Politicks, Hell take him for’t, Has ruin’d me, thou and my Sister too, By marrying me to a fair hated Maid, When I had plighted all my Faith before.
Gad, this adventure of ours will be worthy to be sung in Heroick Rhime Doggerel, before we have finisht it; Come--                                       [_Goes out_.
Faith, Master, I must deal in the black Art then, for no human means will do’t--and now I talk of the black Art, Master, try your Power once more with my Landlady.
I do believe thee--and am come to tell you--I’ll be none of that Number--for this Minute I’ll go and redeem it--and free myself from the Hell of your Indentures.
--Sure my good Angel, or my Genius, In pity of my Love, and of _Leticia_-- But see _Leticia_ comes, but still attended--      _Enter_ Leticia, _Lady_ Fulbank, Diana.
He call’d me Spy, and I return’d th’affront, But took no notice that he was my Prince: It was a Folly I repented of; But ‘twas in a damn’d melancholy Mood.
Fy on’t, those Looks have lost their wonted Force, I knew you’d call me back to smile upon me, And then you have me sure; no, no, Aminta, I’ll no more of that.
I will, but not for fear of thee or Death, But from th’assurance that her Power’s sufficient To allay this unbecoming Fury in thee, And bring thee to repentance.
I laid me down behind a Thicket near, Where undiscover’d I could see and hear; The Moon the Day supply’d, and all below Instructed, even as much as Day could do.
For the moment they evade him by feigning to be figures in a rich tapestry (their masquing habits aiding the trick), which Scaramouch declares he has just purchased.
A panegyric on the return of the Duke and Duchess of York from Scotland says of Shaftesbury’s medal that      ‘Twas coined by stealth, like groats at Birmingham.
II: ‘Troth, sir, she has eaten up all her beef, and she is herself in the tub.’ Also _Timon of Athens_, iv, III: ‘Be a whore still’ ...  p. 279 _Jack Ketch_.
The tramp whom he and his mother had entertained the evening before, must have picked up his handkerchief, and left it in the store to divert suspicion from himself.
I am Rob Fisher.  “I suppose that means Robert Fisher?  “Yes, but everybody calls me Rob.  “Are you a relation of Mr. Conrad?  “Yes, I am his cousin.
I believe I agreed to pay you two dollars for each sketch?  “Yes, sir.  “Probably you are not over well provided with money, and I will pay you as you go on.
In his absence, I shall run the office.  “I see.  “And I shall probably find some reason for discharging Chester Rand, added the bookkeeper, significantly.
“I have no doubt of it, Mr. Ralston, and I take your offer kindly, but I am afraid I won’t have time to go round much.  “Won’t you go out and take a drink?
There’s nothing like a tramp on the open prairie to make a man feel peckish.  “Have you ever been in New York before, Mr. Perkins?  “Not since I was a boy.
As soon as Mr. Fairchild left he came at once, and now spends considerable time there.  “Probably Mullins owes him money lost in gambling.  “I think he does.
Mebbe he hasn’t got the money.  “I presume you are correct in your conjecture.  “His mother hasn’t said anything to me about Chester bein’ out of work.
“Won’t it cost a good deal of money?  “Yes; but I expect to get paid for going.  “What a lucky fellow you are! said Felix, not without a trace of envy.
“Now, if I were really ‘put to it,’ I am sure I could rely upon your assistance.  “I’m very short of money, returned Silas, alarmed at this suggestion.
Friday-night crowds gathered outside: the gas-lamps shone their brightest: James Houghton hovered in the background like an author on his first night in the theatre.
Girls got their thumbs pierced, and sewing machines absolutely refused to stop sewing, once they had started, and absolutely refused to start, once they had stopped.
But high-mindedness had really come to an end with James Houghton, had really reached the point, not only of pathetic, but of dry and anti-human, repulsive quixotry.
The builder gave an estimate of six or seven hundred—but James had better see the plumber and fitter who was going to instal the new hot water and sanitary system.
Men can suck the heady juice of exalted self-importance from the bitter weed of failure—failures are usually the most conceited of men: even as was James Houghton.
And now, in this grubby penny-picking England, he saw his boots being worn-down at the heel, and was afraid of being stranded without cash even for a railway ticket.
In a minute Madame and Ciccio and all seemed to become unreal—the actual unrealities: while the ragged dithering pictures of the film were actual, real as the day.
Geoffrey spread his shut fists across the table and shouted with laughter, Ciccio threw back his head and showed all his teeth in a loud laugh of delighted derision.
Alvina, as she sat at the piano, saw Max tall and blanched with anger; Ciccio with his neck stuck out, oblivious and convulsed with rage, stretching his neck at Max.
You find them bitten—carried away among the trees or the stones, hard to find them, poor things, the next day.  “How frightened they must be—! said Alvina.
They’ll take an inventory of all the things, and we can live on here till they’re actually ready for the sale.  “And when will that be?  “I don’t know.
Come with me, be married to me—Allaye, Allaye—  His voice was a strange, hoarse whisper just above her face, he still held her in his throbbing, heavy embrace.
Porteur!_ Want a _porteur_? A porter in a blouse strung the luggage on his strap, and Ciccio and Alvina entered the crush for the exit and the passport inspection.
They took her out through the little gate, to where, in the flat desert space behind the railway, stood two great drab motor-omnibuses, and a rank of open carriages.
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (the Foundation or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (the Foundation or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
If the number of critical writings devoted to these different forms of communication is taken as a criterion, rhetoric ranks first, poetry second, and history third.
As an episode presented on the stage is more vivid than if it were narrated as having taken place off stage, horrors and murders should be kept off lest they offend.
Of the four classical discussions of the theory of poetry which are here treated, that of Horace was best known throughout the middle ages and the early renaissance.
The orators paid so much attention to style that they lost the art of composing sentences, and of arranging sound arguments in such a way as to persuade an audience.
And when he refers to the coma, colum, perydus, he is harking back to the classical divisions of the rhythmical members of a sentence: the comma, colon, et periodus.
Another powerful influence in the same direction was the characteristic English conservatism which preferred the traditional paths of thought to Italian innovations.
He postulates four mental faculties: sensation possessed by oysters, imagination possessed by higher animals, reason possessed by man, intelligence possessed by God.
He grants that some poetry exists only for pleasure, but he puts his emphasis on poetry as a power of persuasion[413] accomplishing the moral improvement of society.
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (the Foundation or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
Coming up and extending a hand for us to feel the pulse they would ask us to do something for the disease, which we could see was rapidly carrying them to the grave.
No mountain-peak we have seen, though several have been higher, has ever inspired the feeling which filled us when we looked for the first time upon towering Ararat.
Our clothes and baggage were discussed piece by piece, with loud expressions of merriment, until one of us arose, and, stealing behind the group, snapped the camera.
He expressed his delight at our progress thus far; and now that we were free from our “gentlemen attendants, he considered our chances for success much brighter.
The next morning we were on the road soon after daybreak, and on approaching the next village overtook a curious cavalcade, just concluding a long night’s journey.
In Tashkend, as in every European city of the Orient, drunkenness, and gambling, and social laxity have followed upon the introduction of Western morals and culture.
At the American Bible House at Constantinople we were allowed, as a personal favor, to buy drafts on the various missionaries along the route through Asiatic Turkey.
This part of the great historic highway on which we were now traveling, between the two bends of the Hoang-ho, was found more extensively patronized than heretofore.
In explanation we were told that the “Great Dragon was endeavoring to swallow up the moon, and that the loudest possible noise must be made to frighten him away.
Spoke like a well-bred Person, by Fortune: I see there’s hopes of thee, Celinda; thou wilt in time learn to make a very fashionable Wife, having so much Beauty too.
And indeed, the Revenge wou’d be so pleasant, I wou’d not be without a jealous Husband for all the World; and really, Madam, Don _Carlos_ is so sweet a Gentleman.
But, Slave, behold these Mutes; that fatal Instrument of Death behold too, and in ‘em read thy doom, if this coy Wife of yours be not made flexible to my Addresses.
No, you will deserve it dearly, who have the plague of such a Wife with it;--but harkye, Count--these goods of Fortune are not to be afforded you, without Conditions.
He fought, it’s true, so did you, and I, And gain’d as much as he o’th’ Victory, But he in the Triumphal Chariot rode, Whilst we ador’d him like a Demi-God.
When I would sleep, I cannot do’t for you, My Eyes and Fancy do that form pursue; And when I sleep, you revel in my Dreams, And all my Life is nothing but extremes.
A Friendship, Sir, I can on you bestow, But that will hardly into Passion grow; And ‘twill an Act below your Virtue prove, To force a Heart you know can never love.
I wish she thought so, Madam, Or could believe with what regret I do so; She then would think the fault were much too small For such a Penance as my Soul must suffer.
You are unkind to think I do not, Sir; --Yes, and am grown so softned by my pity, That I’m afraid I shall neglect my Vows, And to return your Passion, grow ingrate.
But out o’th’ Court he knows he cannot pass At this dead time of night; But he believes he is i’th’ Groves or Gardens, And thither he is gone to find him out.
Since, fair _Aminta_, I did thee adore, Alas, I am not what I was before: My Thoughts disorder’d from my Heart do break; And Sighs destroy my Language when I speak.
These, Sir, when in Conjunction with Mortals, beget immortal Races; such as the first-born Man, which had continu’d so, had the first Man ne’er doated on a Woman.
The Atchievement’s great and new; but now I think on’t, I’m resolv’d to hear my Sentence from the Mouth of the perfidious Trollop, for yet I cannot credit it.
Yes, Madam, to your shame: Now your Perfidiousness is plain, false Woman, ’.is well your Lover had the dexterity of escaping, I’ad spoil’d his making Love else.
He takes a Perspective,     and looks through it; and coming nearer_ Harlequin, _who is placed     on a Tree in the Hangings, hits him on the Head with his Trunchion.
But whether they appear’d in solid Bodies, or Fantomical, is yet a Question; for at my unlucky approach, they all transform’d themselves into a Piece of Hangings.
I am extremely sorry for it, Sir,--and you shall see how I will have this fellow handled for the Affront to a Person of your Gravity, and in my House.--Here, _Pedro_.
By Cloud, Sir, through the Regions of the Air, down to the fam’d _Parnassus_; thence by Water, along the River _Helicon_, the rest by Post upon two wing’d Eagles.
Dryden’s bitter jibe--_Absalom and Achitophel_ (November, 1681), I, 575:--      And canting Nadab let oblivion damn,     Who made new porridge for the paschal lamb.
In Lodowick Carlell’s _The Fool Would be a Favourite; or, The Discreet Lover_ (12mo, 1657), we have Philantus confronting Lucinda as his own ghost--(Actus Quintus).
You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
If I helped all my shif’less relations I’d end my days in the poorhouse.  “I don’t think you’ll go there from that cause, Chester could not help saying.
There’s small show for a good, industrious man.  Chester thought to himself that if the stranger was a good, industrious man he was unfortunate in his appearance.
If you have any business, I will attend to it.  “I have no special business, except to introduce my young friend here.  “Indeed! said the clerk, impudently.
Fortunately, Chester had the address of the mechanic on East Twentieth Street, and he resolved, though it would cost him quite a walk, to call and give him the paper.
It is so late, he added, looking at the clock on the mantel, “that I must go at once.  When Chester met his friend the artist, he told him of what had happened.
Shall I tell you my experience?  “If you will.  “When I left New York I went to Chicago and obtained the position of collector for a mercantile establishment.
You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
W. H. Johnson came out with a spick-and-span window, and had his wife, a shrewd, quiet woman, and his daughter, a handsome, loud girl, to help him on Friday evenings.
And all the time, in her quiet, polite, think-the-more fashion Miss Pinnegar waited on the people, showing them considerable forbearance and just a tinge of contempt.
There was the quartered shop, through which one had to worm one’s encumbered way in the gloom—unless one liked to go miles round a back street, to the yard entry.
He had already an airy-fairy kind of knowledge of the whole affair, and seemed like some not quite trustworthy conjuror who had conjured it all up by sleight of hand.
As a teetotaller and a man of ascetic views, James, in his first shallow moments, before he thought about it, assumed that his house should be entirely non-alcoholic.
Ciccio, ask for another glass— Ciccio, at the end of the table, did not rise, but looked round at Alvina as if he presumed there would be no need for him to move.
We are glad, aren’t we, Miss Houghton, that Ciccio has come back and there are to be no more rows?—hein?—aren’t we?  “_I’m_ awfully glad, said Alvina.
Good-bye! said Ciccio, and with a slight bow to Alvina, and a still slighter to Miss Pinnegar, he was out of the room and out of the front door, as if turning tail.
“Is it?  “Ah—if it was _hers_, you know—  And so, after tea, Ciccio said to Alvina:  “Shall you let Geoffrey see the house?  The tour commenced again.
The women had coloured kerchiefs on their heads, like the women Alvina remembered at the Sunday-School treats, who used to tell fortunes with green little love-birds.
She heard it so distinctly, that she never knew whether it had been an actual utterance, or whether it was her inner ear which had heard the inner, unutterable sound.
You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
The people in question are Engelard de Cigogn, Geoffrey de Martigny and his brothers, Philip Marc and his brothers, with Geoffrey his nephew, and all their followers.
* To any man whom we have deprived or dispossessed of lands, castles, liberties, or rights, without the lawful judgement of his equals, we will at once restore these.
You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
The Greek text was first published in the Aldine _Rhetores Graeci_ (1508), and was for the first time incorporated in the works of Aristotle published in Basel, 1531.
In the twelve sections of _Timber_ which he devotes to rhetoric he incorporates a sound treatise on prose style, urging restraint and perspicuity as especial virtues.
Indeed, the most cunningly cruel decree which Julian later promulgated against the Christians forbade them the use of the ancient pagan literature of Greece and Rome.
Furthermore she praises them for recording the honorable deeds of great conquerors and for furnishing the modern poets with such illustrious models of the poetic art.
You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S. Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous locations.
Your extraordinary mode of locomotion would subject you to annoyance, if not to positive danger, at the hands of a people who are naturally curious and superstitious.
If you go into that country you do so at your own risk. Minister Lincoln was sitting in his private office when we called the next morning at the American legation.
When we would meet a bevy of these creatures on the road in the dusk of evening, their white, fluttering garments would give them the appearance of winged celestials.
As we passed under the heavy matted curtains the two attendants who were holding them up cast a rather horrified glance at our dusty shoes and unconventional costume.
In its grim presence empires have come and gone; cities have risen and fallen; human life has soared up on the wings of hope, and dashed against the rocks of despair.
Our venerable companion now looked up at the precipitous slope above us, where only some stray, projecting rocks were left to guide us through the wilderness of snow.
Fully 3000 people lined the streets and housetops to witness the race to which we had been challenged by four Dungan horsemen, riding below on the encircling roadway.
Most of the silver was chopped up into small bits, and placed in the hollow tubing of the machines to conceal it from Chinese inquisitiveness, if not something worse.
Toward evening the melting snows, and the condensing currents from the plain heated during the day, fill and overflow the channels that in the morning are almost dry.
With constant wading and tramping, our Russian shoes and stockings, one of which was almost torn off by the sly grab of a Chinese spaniel, were no longer fit for use.
This strange individual, although clad in the regular mandarin garb, was light-complexioned, and had an auburn instead of a black queue dangling from his shaven head.
The _yamen_ itself consisted of low one-story structures, built in the usual Chinese style, of wood and adobe brick, in a quadrangular form around an inner courtyard.
You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
Even those of your Father’s Disposal, who seeing so many Examples in this leud Age, of the ruin of whole Families by imprudent Marriages, provided otherwise for you.
The stratagem of the feigned Turkish ship capturing the yacht is a happy extension of a hint from the famous galley scene (Que diable allait-il faire à cette galère?
I’m glad you find me a Sybil: Madam, I ever prophesy’d a happier end of that Amour than your ill Fortune has hitherto promised,--but what said the lovely Cavalier?
That night he causes himself to be conveyed to Sir Cautious’ house in a chest and Sir Cautious leads him to Lady Fulbank in bed, she supposing him to be her husband.
Ads bobs, but they frighted me at first basely--but I’ll home to Pupsey, there may be Roguery, as well as here--Madam, I ask your Pardon, I see we’re all mistaken.
what, by Day-light?--for that’s hasting on--I wou’d not for the World--the Night wou’d hide my Blushes--but the Day--wou’d let me see my self in your Embraces.
Though Satir then had such a plenteous crop, An After Math of Coxcombs is come up; Who not content false Poetry to renew, By sottish Censures wou’d condemn the true.
Cease then this fruitless Passion, and incline Your Will and Reason to agree with mine, _Alcippus_ I dispos’d you to before, And now I am inclin’d to it much more.
I had my self acquitted, as became _Erminia’s_ wrong’d Adorer, and my Flame; My Rival I had kill’d, and set her free, Had not my Justice been disarm’d by thee.
Your Virtue, Sir, will render you as happy--but I must haste-- this Night prepare your Daughter and your Niece, and let your House be dress’d, perfum’d, and clean.
See, see what the Force of Love can make,     Who rules in Heaven, in Earth and Sea;   Behold how he commands the Zodiack,     While the fixt Signs unhinging all obey.
When Silas spoke of the store being robbed he had no idea that such a robbing had taken place, but he went to the money drawer and opened it to make sure all was safe.
“By the way, Chester, said Mr. Mullins, with unusual blandness, “this is my cousin, Felix Gordon.  “Glad to meet you, said Felix, with an artificial smile.
Accordingly, he took his cousin Felix into his confidence as far as was necessary, and sent him to the room of the mechanic to find out whether Chester had been there.
The package which he took with him contained four hundred dollars in bills, which he had drawn from the bank the day previous without the knowledge of his confederate.
About a year ago he received intelligence from Edward Granger that his stepfather had died suddenly of heart trouble, brought on by an undue use of alcoholic mixtures.
When the strike was over, two or three miners still remained working the soft, drossy coal, which they sold for eight-and-sixpence a ton—or sixpence a hundredweight.
Imagine that this frail, pallid, diffident girl, so ladylike, was now a rather fat, warm-coloured young woman, strapping and strong-looking, and with a certain bounce.
She went in the morning to her room, and stayed there all the day, in a hot, close atmosphere, shuddering when her pupils brought the outside weather with them to her.
If we’re going to look round for an erection—curious that he always called it an erection—“we shall have to know what we are going to spend.  “Yes—yes.
Miss Pinnegar saw him coming along talking excitedly to Mr. May, who, all in grey, with his chest perkily stuck out like a robin, was looking rather pinker than usual.
If the young gentlemen liked to peep round the curtain when the young lady was in her knickers: oh, well, she rather roundly told them off, perhaps, but nobody minded.
“Well I never!  The strange savageness of the striped Navajo blankets seemed to her unsettling, advancing down Knarborough Road: she examined Kishwégin curiously.
For Thursday, there was to be a change of program—“Kishwégin’s Wedding— (with the white prisoner, be if said)—was to take the place of the previous scene.
“The nest is warm.  “Does the he-bird stoop—?  “He stoops.  “Who takes Allaye?  “Pacohuila.  Ciccio gently stooped and raised Alvina to her feet.
And do you really give it to me?  “Yes, I should like to.  “You are a girl with a noble heart— Madame threw her arms round Alvina’s neck, and kissed her.
Which I have—to the Sun and back: and if _that_ isn’t far enough, even for Miss Pinnegar and John Wesley, why, I’m sorry.  Alvina produced the travelling case.
And again, when they moved to Doncaster, the same two mongrel-looking fellows were lurking in the street, and plying the inmates of their lodging-house with questions.
Gigi—all gone.  “Gone where?  “Gone back to France—called up.  “And Madame and Louis and Max?  “Switzerland.  He stood helplessly looking at her.
The lovely, rich darkness of his southern nature, so different from her own, exposing itself now in its passional vulnerability, made her go white with a kind of fear.
She was only stunned with the strangeness of it all: startled, half-enraptured with the terrific beauty of the place, half-horrified by its savage annihilation of her.
Further, if we have led or sent him upon military service, he shall be relieved from guard in proportion to the time during which he has been on service because of us.
Further, if we have led or sent him upon military service, he shall be relieved from guard in proportion to the time during which he has been on service because of us.
Under the narrative manner he includes lyric, where the speaker expresses himself in the first person, and epic, where the speaker tells his story in the third person.
Tully, he admits, puts arrangement after invention, but, he pleads, in writing letters and documents poetically the art of selection after that of invention is useful.
The renaissance had inherited from the middle ages the belief that poetry was composed of two parts: a profitable subject matter _(doctrina)_ and style (_eloquentia_).
But whereas Ronsard had meant by invention high, grand, and beautiful conceptions, Gascoigne means some good and fine devise, shewing the quicke capacitie of a writer.
Although the manuals of Webbe and Puttenham do show classical influence, their theories of poetry still show a notable residuum of theory characteristically mediaeval.
Although most classical critics accepted prose as characteristic of rhetoric, and verse of poetry, Aristotle pointed out that the distinction was far more fundamental.
He thinks that fables are most effective with a rustic and ingenuous audience, which captivated by their pleasure in the story, give assent to that which pleases them.
The poets invent fables sometimes to give pleasure; sometimes they are   interpreted to explain the nature of things, sometimes to throw light on   the manners of men.
This praise of the poets is complementary to a condemnation of the foolish public, whose limited intelligence prevents them from seeing the cloaked truth of the poets.
He could make his readers hate sin by the same means Demosthenes made his hearers hate Philip, and love any virtue by appropriating the methods of Cicero _Pro Archia_.
After following many of the beaten lines of travel in the British Isles we arrived in London, where we formed our plans for traveling across Europe, Asia, and America.
Away we would go at a rapid pace down the streets of the town or village, to the utter amazement of the natives and the great satisfaction of our vainglorious zaptieh.
One thing, however, the mutessarif was determined upon: we must not approach the mountain without an escort of Turkish zaptiehs, as an emblem of government protection.
Across the shoulders was slung a breech-loading Martini rifle, and from his neck dangled a heavy gold chain, which was probably the spoil of some predatory expedition.
III                          THROUGH PERSIA TO SAMARKAND   “It is all bosh, was the all but universal opinion of Bayazid in regard to our alleged ascent of Ararat.
For a fanatical Shiah will sometimes stick his dirty fingers into the dishes of an “unbeliever, even though he may subsequently throw away the contaminated vessel.
As an ethnological transition between the inhabitants of central Asia and the Chinese, we were now among two distinctly agricultural races—the Dungans and Taranchis.
The patient now suggested that his companion should go on without him, and, if possible, send back medical aid or proper food; but not to remain and get worse himself.
There was even butter, made from the milk of the Tibetan yak, and condensed milk for our coffee, the first we had tasted since leaving Turkey, more than a year before.
After endeavoring to convince the native blacksmiths that a delicate bicycle would not stand pounding like a Chinese cart-wheel, we took the matter into our own hands.
“Do you speak English? he shouted, with an accent so like an American, that we leaped from our wheels at once, and grasped his hand as that of a fellow countryman.
The people of Shan-si province are noted for their special thrift, but this quality we observed was sometimes exhibited at the expense of the higher virtue of honesty.
The crowd began to close in upon us, until, with our backs against the adjoining wall, we drew our weapons, at which the onward movement changed suddenly to a retreat.
It was not long before we were out of the foreign settlement, and wending our way through the narrow, winding streets, or lanes, of the densely populated Chinese city.
No sooner, however, has the knot been securely tied than Guiliom, appearing in his sooty rags and with smutched face, publicly demands and humiliates his haughty bride.
oh Lord, not in the least, Sir, I love and honour you so heartily--I’d be content to give you to the Devil, but the noise of the Pistol wou’d discover the business.
For this way we must pass, and to carry him back wou’d discover my Lady to him, betray all, and spoil the Jest--retire, Sir, your Life depends upon your being unseen.
A very Rascal, Sir, and a most dangerous Fellow--he cullies in your Prentices and Cashiers to play--which ruins so many o’th’ young Fry i’th’ City--  Sir _Cau_.
or was it _Julia_, that last night gave me that lone Opportunity?--but hark, I hear some coming--                                                   [_Shuts himself in_.
Ah, Sir, these words are Poniards to my Heart; And half my Love to Duty does convert; Alas, Sir, I can be content to die, But cannot suffer this Severity:    [_Kneels_.
No, my _Erminia_, quit this vain devoir, And follow Love that may preserve us all: --Presumptuous Villain, bold Ingratitude-- Hadst thou no other way to pay my favours?
I kill a Man that has undone my Fame, Ravish’d my Mistress, and contemn’d my Name, And, Sister, one who does not thee prefer: But thou no reason hast to injure her.
Pity a Youth that never lov’d before, Remember ‘tis a Prince that does adore; Who offers up a Heart that never found It could receive, till from your Eyes, a wound.
Madam, I fear’d the safety of my Prince, And every moment that I found I liv’d, Were more tormenting than those of death, Till I had undeceiv’d his Apprehensions.
‘Tis true, Sir, and your bounty does amaze me; Can I receive a blessing of this magnitude With hands, yet have not wash’d away the sin Of your _Erminia’s_ murder?
Timothy Thin-beard, a rascally Puritan, in Heywood’s _If you Know Not Me, You Know Nobody_, Part II (4to, 1606), is continually asseverating ‘By yea and nay’, cf.
If they, however, maintained their places in the tableau, they would have immediately after entered on to the apron, before the curtain, by way of the proscenium doors.
The Foundation’s principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S. Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous locations.
Why, two dollars a week would make a hundred and four dollars a year.  “That wouldn’t be much for a man of your means, Mr. Tripp.  “You talk foolish, Chester.
About fifteen minutes after nine a shuffling was heard at the door, there was a knock, and a minute later Chester admitted the thin and shriveled figure of Silas Tripp.
The great city had always had a fascination for him, and he had hoped, without much expectation of the hope being realized, that he might one day find employment there.
“He will stay here till Mr. Fairchild makes his appearance.  “Oh, he can sit down if he wants to.  “I shall have to leave you, Chester, as I must get to work.
In four weeks, for I shall be likely to be away that length of time, something may occur detrimental to my interests, and I heartily wish I had some one else in charge.
Now, Cousin David, give me the twenty-five dollars.  At that instant the door was opened suddenly, and Dick Ralston dashed into the office, looking very much excited.
Your employer will give you a recommendation, won’t he?  “Yes, I have one in my pocket, but it is not easy to get a new place, and meanwhile—— He hesitated.
Will you come, Chester?  “Yes; I shall be glad to.  They were soon sitting in the office of the Continental Hotel, at the corner of Broadway and Twentieth Street.
How soon do you expect him back?  “Next week.  “When he comes, send him round to see me.  A few days later, Mrs. Greene went into Silas Tripp’s store again.
Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)
As they streamed in a grimy stream home from pit, they diverged like some magic dark river from off the pavement into the horse-way, to give her room as she approached.
His fine, semi-transparent face flushed pink, his eyes flashed as he took in the sixpences and handed back knots of tape or packets of pins for the notorious farthings.
A hot summer waned into autumn, the long, bewildering days drew in, the transient nights, only a few breaths of shadow between noon and noon, deepened and strengthened.
Albert held back, with the flowers in his own hand, and giving his broad, pleased, pale-gleaming smile from father to daughter, he said:  “What am I to do with these?
Louis darted into the refreshment bar and returned with little pies and oranges, which he deposited in the carriage, Madame presented Alvina with a packet of chocolate.
In the second week, Madame found out that a man had been surreptitiously inquiring about them at their lodgings, from the landlady and the landlady’s blowsy daughter.
People were struggling along with luggage, children were running with spades and buckets, cabs were crawling along with families: it was the seaside people coming home.
Up and up the train crept, and she looked at the rocky slopes, the glistening peaks of snow in the blue heaven, the hollow valleys with fir trees and low-roofed houses.
The icy brook tinkled, goats, pigs and cows wandered and shook their bells along the grassy borders of the road and the flat, unbroken fields, being driven slowly home.
It seemed as if Alvina, the Englishwoman, had a certain magic glamour for them, and so long as she was happy, it was a supreme joy and relief to them to have her there.
When she tried to make him discuss, in the masculine way, he shut obstinately against her, something like a child, and the slow, fine smile of dislike came on his face.
She steeled herself to bear the agony of the knowledge that he would go, and she would be left alone in this place, which sometimes she hated with a hatred unspeakable.
Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)
If, however, the heir of any one of the aforesaid has been under age and in wardship, let him have his inheritance without relief and without fine when he comes of age.
Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!)
The Latin school rhetoric of Thomas Vicars (1621), after one has perused the treatise of his predecessors and contemporaries, is so conservative as to appear startling.
That he himself was infected appears in the examples of interminable tropes and schemes quoted by Fraunce in his _Arcadian Rhetoric_ (1588) from Sidney's own _Arcadia_.
But Aristotle justifies Agathon for departing from this custom and making both his plot and characters fictitious, for the plays of Agathon give none the less pleasure.
For instance:    Thus, why not change such a passage as this, That man is to be envied   who so aims as to hit his wish, to read, who so aims as to hit his   advantage?
“Justice, said he, “should be administered to the humblest person; though a king should be the offending party, all alike must yield to the sacred law of justice.
Legally, none but government guards are permitted to carry arms, and yet both guns and ammunition are sold in the bazaars of almost every city of the Turkish dominions.
Under this rather forcible persuasion, they stood not on the order of their going, but sullenly followed our little procession out of camp before the crestfallen Kurds.
The cutting off of buttons and extra parts of our clothing, as well as the shaving of our heads and faces, was also included by our friends in the list of curtailments.
Being on foot, with their extraordinary loads balanced on flexible shoulder-poles, these poor fellows could make only one station, or from twelve to twenty miles a day.
Here there were several servants standing like sentinels in waiting for orders; others were hurrying hither and thither with different messages intrusted to their care.
The Foundation’s principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S. Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous locations.
For the Sin of your odious Addresses to me, I have told you my mind often enough, methinks your Equals should be fitter for you, and sute more with your Plebeian Humour.
If thou repent’st, renounce her, fly her sight;-- Shun her bewitching Charms, as thou wou’dst Hell, Those dark eternal Mansions of the dead-- Whither I must descend.
I protest, Sir, I love and honour him, but I am now just going to be married, Sir; and when that Ceremony’s past, I’m ready to go to the Devil as soon as you please.
The prince is concealed, although the meeting had been purely innocent, but he is betrayed owing to the fact of his inadvertently leaving his hat and sword upon a table.
O Friend, I saw what thou canst ne’er conceive; Last night I saw it when I came from thee: And if thou go’st about t’impose upon me, I’ll cast thee from my Soul.
--You may observe the actions of these Lovers, But be not passionate whate’er you find; That headstrong Devil will undo us all; If you’ll be happy, quit its company.
But during the doctor’s subsequent absence, whilst the two lovers are, as they suppose, securely entertaining their mistresses, the father is suddenly heard to return.
Hold, hold, Sir, you I suppose know the Customs that are due to this City of _Naples_, from all Persons that pass the Gates in Coach, Chariot, Calash, or _Siege Volant_.
I know not what you mean by your Finis, Seignior; but I am come to offer my self this Gentlewoman’s Servant, her Lover, her Husband, her Dog in a Halter, or any thing.
Next_ Keplair _and_ Galileus _descend on each side,     opposite to each other, in Chariots, with Perspectives in     their Hands, as viewing the Machine of the Zodiack.
This is, I take it, some confused allusion to the great Dominican Doctor, S. Thomas Aquinas, who was regarded as being the supreme Master of scholasticism and casuistry.
The whole profits of the third day’s performance went to the author of the play; and upon these occasions his friends and patrons would naturally rally to support him.
This cant name had been given to the precinct of Whitefriars before 1623, then and for many years a notorious refuge for persons wishing to avoid bailiffs and creditors.
He is described as ‘an impudent, amorous, pragmatical fop, that pretends to wit and poetry.’ He is engaged in writing _Husbai_ an answer to _Absalom and Achitophel_.
Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
“Mother, said Chester, “this man tells me that he hasn’t had anything to eat since yesterday.  “No more I haven’t, spoke up the tramp, in a hoarse voice.
Meet me to-morrow evening at the gambling house, and the money shall be ready for you.  Then they parted, and the bookkeeper, who had a headache, went home and to bed.
Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
SUSPENSE     CHAPTER I THE DECLINE OF MANCHESTER HOUSE   Take a mining townlet like Woodhouse, with a population of ten thousand people, and three generations behind it.
If she saw a carter crack his whip over the ears of the horse, as the horse laboured uphill, she had to cover her eyes and avert her face, and all her strength left her.
Miss Pinnegar said: “Well really, if she wants to do it, why, she might as well try. And, as often with Miss Pinnegar, this speech seemed to contain a veiled threat.
She sat quite still, with all her activities in abeyance—except that strange will-to-passivity which was by no means a relaxation, but a severe, deep, soul-discipline.
Once and only once she went to Throttle-Ha’penny, and, seized with sudden curiosity, insisted on being wound down in the iron bucket to the little workings underneath.
Could anything be more _infra dig_ than the performing of a set of special actions day in day out, for a life-time, in order to receive some shillings every seventh day.
In an instant Mr. May had taken all in: the man was the woman’s husband—they were acclimatized in these regions: the booth where he had been hammering was a Hoop-La.
“Ha—! He threw his head on one side and spread out his hands, as if to say—“What do you want, if you don’t find Naples lovely.  “I should like to see it.
But I remember your name, Francesco Marasca, and I remember Pescocalascio.  Ciccio heard in silence, as they walked the half-empty, Monday-morning street of Woodhouse.
From the terrace of the high-road the valley spread below, with all its jumble of hills, and two rivers, set in the walls of the mountains, a wide space, but imprisoned.
Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
Greek: Aristotle, Hermogenes, Sopatrus, Dionysius of Halicarnassus,   Demetrius Phal,[173] Menander, Aristides, Apsinus, Longinus _De   sublimitate_, Theonus, Apthonius.
That Puttenham did include it, however, is most significant evidence that both the author and his reading public considered these adornments an essential part of poetry.
Like Castelvetro and Sidney, he considers the vehicle of verse not essential to poetry, which, as a product of the imagination, he considers to be occupied with fiction.
The long passage is worth quoting entire because his comparison is borrowed so frequently by renaissance critics to illustrate the poetic doctrine of pleasurable profit.
And Thomas Wilson, in his _Arte of Rhetorique_, repeats the story, in his section on examples, and ascribes to Themistocles the fox story which Aristotle tells of Aesop.
The basis, indeed, of the Gnostic heresies of the second and third centuries was an allegorical interpretation of the Greek poets and philosophers and of the Scriptures.
The opposing view derived ultimately from the classical rhetorics, and entered England through the criticism of the Italian scholars--particularly Minturno and Scaliger.
Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
When a bad piece of road or a steep ascent forced us to dismount he would bring his horse to a walk, roll a cigarette, and draw invidious comparisons between our steeds.
The Kurds, they said, were at this time divided among themselves, a portion of them having adopted conciliatory measures with the government, and the rest holding aloof.
The plain was strewn with sand and rocks, with here and there a bunch of tough, wiry grass about a foot and a half high, which, though early in the year, was partly dry.
That Kurdish tent, as far as we were concerned, was a veritable palace, although we were almost blinded by the smoke from the green pine-branches on the smoldering fire.
This line is continued out into the plain in a series of small volcanoes the craters of which appear to be as perfect as though they had been in activity only yesterday.
“Scholars, said he, “must receive scholars.  The viceroy rose from his chair with difficulty; the servant took him by the elbows and half lifted him to his feet.
Additional terms will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
If I must marry any but _Celinda_, I shall not, Sir, enjoy one moment’s Bliss: I shall be quite unman’d, cruel and brutal; A Beast, unsafe for Woman to converse with.
Blushing, and panting, she expects th’.pproach     Of Joys that kill with every touch:   Nor can her native Modesty and Shame   Conceal the Ardour of her Virgin Flame_.
Ha, ha, ha, I thought thou would’st have said at least--had murder’d his Father, or ravish’d his Mother--Break a Vow, quoth ye--by Fortune, I have broke a thousand.
So, now Peace is concluded on, on all sides, what shall we do to day besides eating and drinking in abundance; for to morrow I shall get my self in order for my Marriage.
Spirits, Ghosts, Hobgoblins, Furies, Fiends and Devils, I’ve often heard old Wives fright Fools and Children with, Which, once arriv’d to common Sense, they laugh at.
All this I know as well as you, _Pisaro_, But will not be abus’d; alas, I’m lost: Could I recal these two last days are past, Ah, I should be my self again, _Pisaro_.
This polite word of theirs was first borrowed from the bullies in Whitefriars, then fell among the footmen, and at last retired to the pedants.’  For ‘shamming’ cf.
A certain Florio feigns to be dying in order to prevent the Podesta suspecting an intrigue between his wife, Rosaura, ’.he Lady Mayoress’, and so impotent an invalid.
Loveby is benefited to the tune of two hundred and fifty pounds, which are filched from the study of old Lord Nonsuch, who complains in much the same way as Sir Cautious.
There were two kinds; one, also called a _spontoon_, formerly carried by infantry officers; the other, used on ships for repelling boarders, a boarding-pike,’--_N.E.D_.
She won’t have any more shoes to bind for three months to come, on account of the shoe shop’s closing.  “It’s going to hurt me, too, said Silas, with a frown.
That’s pooty good for these times.  “I’m sorry to disappoint you, Mr. Tripp, but I am going to work somewhere else.  “Where? asked Silas, in great surprise.
“I won’t keep him long.  When they were in the street Mr. Perkins said: “I don’t like the looks of that bookkeeper of yours.  “Nor do I, returned Chester.
We will take a walk together, and you can show me what’s worth seeing.  “Are you not afraid that I will take you to a gambling house? asked Chester, with a smile.
I don’t care to tell you just how much I get.  “By the way, there was an old man in the office yesterday inquiring after you.  “Did he give his name?  “Yes.
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the Foundation or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
Remains one great and inaccessible magnate, the local coal owner: three generations old, and clambering on the bottom step of the “County, kicking off the mass below.
But her very breeding had that Protestant, northern quality which assumes that we have all the same high standards, really, and all the same divine nature, intrinsically.
The two women talked away to one another, in their quiet moments: and slipped apart like conspirators when Miss Frost came in: as if there was something to be ashamed of.
She thought she had never seen such beauty—a lovely luminous majolica, living and palpitating, the glossy, svelte world-surface, the exquisite face of all the darkness.
He walked stiff and erect, with his head pressed rather back, so that he always seemed to be advancing from the head and shoulders, in a flat kind of advance, horizontal.
She could hear Mr. May’s verdict of him: “Like a child, you know, just as charming and just as tiresome and just as stupid.  “Where is your home? she asked him.
And Ciccio, splashing up on his bay horse and green cloth, he was a mountebank and an extraneous nonentity, a coloured old rag blown down the Knarborough Road into Limbo.
She took the train to Cheshire, to the last address of the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras: she followed them to Stockport: and back to Chinley: and there she was stuck for the night.
He was a broad-shouldered fellow, with a rather flat, handsome face, well-coloured, and with the look of the Alpine ox about him, slow, eternal, even a little mysterious.
One cow she held by a rope round its horns, and she hauled it from the patches of young corn into the rough grass, from the little plantation of trees in among the heath.
Fowl-droppings were everywhere, indoors and out, the ass left his pile of droppings to steam in the winter air on the threshold, while his heartrending bray rent the air.
It was strange to look at the battered figure of Pancrazio, and think how much he had been crucified through the long years in London, for the sake of late Victorian art.
Project Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected by U.S. copyright law.
Project Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected by U.S. copyright law.
Consequently in a historical study of rhetoric and of the theory of poetry separate treatment of their nature and of their purpose is not only convenient, but historical.
Longinus   Aristotle's theory of poetry, which influenced so profoundly the criticism of the renaissance, was not followed by other classical treatises of the same scope.
It is not surprising, says Bornecque, that during the first three centuries of the Christian era the sense of composition seems to have disappeared from Latin literature.
But Lydgate's rhetoric was not only restricted to style; it was expanded to include the style of the poets as well as that of the prose writers, as the last stanza shows.
That this classicism tended in some cases toward over-emphasis does not alter the fact that English criticism profited greatly by the return to classical poetical theory.
Chapter II  Mediaeval Ideas of the Purpose of Poetry    With the breaking up of the Empire the stream of classical culture was restricted to a narrow channel--the Church.
A remonstrance on our part for carelessness in driving brought from the muleteer a burst of Turkish profanity that made the rocks of Ararat resound with indignant echoes.
This consisted of a Persian palanquin, with its long pole-shafts saddled upon the back of a mule at each end; with servants on foot, and a body-guard of mounted soldiers.
It was already dusk when we came in sight of the Russian custom-house, a tin-roofed, stone structure, contrasting strongly with the Persian mud hovels we had left behind.
Although twenty years of Russian irrigation has given Nature a chance to rear thousands of trees on former barren wastes, yet wood is still comparatively scarce and dear.
There being no banks or exchanges in the interior, we were obliged to purchase at Kuldja all the silver we would need for the entire journey of over three thousand miles.
The multitude of honorific titles, so bewildering and even maddening to the Occidental, are here used simply to keep in view the fixed relations of graduated superiority.
Lily and bamboo roots, sharks’ fins and swallows’ nests, and many other Chinese delicacies, were now served in abundance, and with the ever-accompanying bowl of rice.
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the Foundation or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works.
Celinda, take her Counsel, Perhaps this is the last opportunity; Nay, and, by Heaven, the last of all my Life, If you refuse me now-- Say, will you never marry Man but me?
I must confess she has a thousand Virtues, The least of which wou’d bless another Man; But, Sir, I hope, if I am so unhappy As not to love that Lady, you will pardon me.
Prithee be pacified, thou shalt see me within this hour as pretty a fluttering Spark as any’s in Town.--My noble Lord, I give you thanks and joy; for, you are happy too.
Sure!--I thank you for that--as if I could not believe my Uncle; For in this case a young Heir has no more to do, but to come and see, settle, marry, and use you scurvily.
Because ‘tis dangerous to steal a City-Heiress, and let the Theft be his--so the dear Maid be mine--Hark--sure they come--      _Enter_ Bearjest, _runs against_ Bredwel.
The princess then passes by as it were a phantom, and after a masque, which he takes for a dream, he is conducted to a room draped in black wherein is placed a catafalque.
Your Majesty thinks too severely of him; Permit me, Sir, to recompense his Valour, I saw the wonders on’t, and thence may guess In some Degree, what may be worthy of it.
With your permission, Sir, most willingly; His vigorous Youth is fitter for’t than Age, Which now has render’d me uncapable Of what that can with more success perform.
My own surprize and grief was so extream, I know not what effects it had in him; But this account of him, I’m forc’d to give, Since she is dead, I know he cannot live.
Ay, the Devil when a body’s angry, but that’s Not the Valour in mode; Men fight now a-days Without that, and even embrace whilst they draw Their Swords on one another.
The celebrated Spital Sermons were originally preached at a pulpit cross in the churchyard (now Spital Square) of the Priory and Hospital of St. Mary Spital, founded 1197.
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the Foundation  or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included.
“Pretty well, thank you, Mr. Tripp.  “Are you doin’ anything yet?  “There doesn’t seem to be much work to do in Wyncombe, answered Chester, noncommittally.
“In that case, of course he has the receipt.  “No; he said he had left it here on the table, and did not think of it till some time afterwards.  “A likely story.
The more the bookkeeper thought of it, the more he was of the opinion that Chester must have had something to do with the events that led to his discovery and humiliation.
Mullins had known him but three months, but had already, through his influence, been smitten by the desire to become rich more quickly than he could in any legitimate way.
“I know the ropes pretty well, and I flatter myself I can show you the town as well as anyone, eh, Mullins?  “Oh, yes, assented the bookkeeper, not over cordially.
My employer has engaged in my place a boy from the country—his nephew—and I am laid aside.  “That is unfortunate, certainly, but you must try to get another place.
Project Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected by U.S. copyright law.
Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
Woodhouse was really impressed by the sight of Mrs. Houghton, small, pale and withheld, taking a walk with her dainty little girl, so fresh in an ermine tippet and a muff.
Over and above this, every Thursday evening she went to the subscription library to change the week’s supply of books, and there again she met friends and acquaintances.
She took over the housekeeping, and received one or two overflow pupils from Miss Frost, young girls to whom she gave lessons in the dark drawing-room of Manchester House.
He shook it slightly, and said:  “Take a seat.  “I’m afraid I’m disturbing you in your reading, said Albert, still having the drawn, excited smile on his face.
By his side, somewhat tight and tubby, with his chest out and his head back, went the prim figure of Mr. May, reminding one of a consequential bird of the smaller species.
Alvina followed him into a stone-floored, wide passage, where stood farm implements, where a little of straw and beans lay in a corner, and whence rose bare wooden stairs.
And far off she would hear the sound of Giovanni chopping wood, of Ciccio calling to the oxen or Pancrazio making noises to the ass, or the sound of a peasant’s mattock.
Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
We will not retain beyond one year and one day, the lands those who have been convicted of felony, and the lands shall thereafter be handed over to the lords of the fiefs.
Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
Aristotle, for instance, carries rhetoric bodily over into poetic by including Thought, διάνοιᾰ, as the third in importance of the constituent elements of tragedy.
With this evidence before us it is easy to understand why the traditions of the English middle ages persisted so long in the literary criticism of the English renaissance.
It is because poetry is thus so beautiful, he says, that the Poets were also from the beginning the best persuaders, and their eloquence the first Rethoricke of the world.
From the allegorical interpretation of poetry current in the middle ages and to a scarcely less degree among his English contemporaries Sidney remains conspicuously aloof.
Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included.
On the plain, over which we were now skimming, the great Tatar, Timur, fought the memorable battle with Bajazet I., which resulted in the capture of the Ottoman conqueror.
The unsuspecting merchants and their customers were suddenly distracted from their thoughts of gain as we whirled by; the crowd close behind sweeping everything before it.
This divergence on to unbeaten paths was made at a very inopportune season; for the rainy spell set in, which lasted, with scarcely any intermission, for over a fortnight.
Over the vast and misty panorama that spread out before us, the lingering rays of the setting sun shed a tinge of gold, which was communicated to the snowy beds around us.
We could even descry the black Kurdish tents upon the northeast slope, and, far below, the Aras River, like a streak of silver, threading its way into the purple distance.
Far above the clouds, which were rolling below us over three of the most absolute monarchies in the world, was celebrated in our simple way a great event of republicanism.
It was here, among the ruins of an old Nestorian church, built several centuries before, that was found the famous tablet now sought at a high price by the British Museum.
Even before we had finished reading this unexpected message, the booming of cannon along the Pei-ho river announced the arrival of the _phantai’s_ boats before the city.
Through these we were ushered by the liveried servant, who bore a message from the viceroy, asking us to wait a few moments until he should finish some important business.
The most graphic description, perhaps, was given by a Chinaman whom we overheard relating to his neighbors the first appearance of the bicycle in his quiet little village.
Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying, performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included.
So many soft Words from my _Bellmour’s_ mouth Had made me mad with Joy, and next to that I wish to hear ‘em from this Youth; If they be real, how I shall be reveng’d!
On the wedding morning Bellmour returns in disguise and intercepts a letter that conveys news of the arrival of Sir Feeble’s nephew, Frank, whom his uncle has never seen.
Beauty alone goes now at too cheap rates; And therefore they, like Wise and Politick States, Court a new Power that may the old supply, To keep as well as gain the Victory.
Some days I had design’d t’have given thee To have prepar’d for this solemnity; But now my second thoughts believe it fit, You should this night to my desires submit.
--But yet what thou hast said, I needs must blame, For if my resolutions prove the same, I now should kill thee, and my life renew; But were it brave or just to murder you?
I do not think it, ‘tis impossible; _Erminia_, if it could have been, were she, But she has broke her Vows, which I held sacred, And plays the wanton in another’s arms.
Nay, I will forget it; I do not merit so much peace of mind, As the relation of that Dream will give me: Oh, ‘twas so perfect, too, I hardly can persuade my self I slept!
So Spark in an Intrigue of Quality, Grows weary of his splendid Drudgery; Hates the Fatigue, and cries a Pox upon her, What a damn’d Bustle’s here with Love and Honour?
Set not thy Heart on transitory Mortal, there’s better things in store--besides, I have promis’d her to a Farmer for his Son.--Come in with me, and bring the Telescope.
I must deliver these Letters, and I must have this Wench--though but to be reveng’d on her for abusing me--Let me see--she is resolv’d for the Apothecary or the Farmer.
4to 1671 prints an unsatisfactory text:            ‘none for loving me, for     I’m much unlike Lucinda whom you ey’d.’  p. 344, l. 28 _The Apartments of Alcippus_.
I’ve been here a year.  “What if you have?  “And I thought perhaps you might be willing to raise my salary to four dollars a week, continued Chester, hurriedly.
“On the way, Abel, said Chester, “please call at our house and ask my mother to come to the store.  “All right, Chester.  The constable was the first to arrive.
Shall I take the baby?  “Oh, I wouldn’t like to trouble you.  “I like babies.  Chester had seen that the baby’s face was clean, and that it looked attractive.
I shall shake hands with the President, too, if I find him at home.  “Have you ever been further West than Minneapolis?  “Yes, I have been clear out to the Pacific.
While I had a dollar in my pocket he should share it.  “I say the same, Mr. Perkins.  When they reached the Fifth Avenue Hotel, Paul Perkins shook hands with Chester.
Our attention has been called to some     illustrations which you have furnished to some of our successful     contemporaries, and we shall be glad to secure your services.
Mullins, he said, “what could induce you to engage in such a wicked plot?  “I don’t admit any complicity in the affair, replied the bookkeeper, in a surly tone.
The two boys went at once to Tacoma, as Chester felt that the gentlemen who were negotiating for his lots were probably in a hurry to arrange for the building of the hotel.
They wearied James Houghton with their demand for common zephyrs, for red flannel which they would scallop with black worsted, for black alpacas and bombazines and merinos.
The terrible sound of “Never now, never now—it is too late, which seemed to ring in the curious, indrawn cries of the elder woman, filled the girl with a deep wisdom.
The yellow light streamed through the side windows, the big stained-glass window at the end was deep and full of glowing colour, in which the yellows and reds were richest.
Add that on this particular black Sunday night it was sleeting dismally outside, and James had already a bit of a cough, and we shall see that he did right to stay at home.
And better for thy flowers, chivalric heart. She put the violets and anemones to her face with both hands, and then gently laid them aside to extend her hand to Geoffrey.
Mrs. Rollings had told her it was the Italian, who had come in in his shirt-sleeves and gone out in his black coat and black hat, taking his bicycle, without saying a word.
“You will come, won’t you? she said, smiling gently into his strange, watchful yellow eyes, that looked fixedly into hers, the dark pupil opening round and softening.
“And now— whispered Madame, suddenly turning: “What about this Ciccio, hein? It was ridiculous that she would not raise her voice above a whisper, upstairs there.
I must see the lawyer this morning.  “And what shall you say to him?  “I shall tell him to sell everything—  “And marry me?  She started, and looked at him.
“Well, good-bye for a minute, she said, glancing smiling into his eyes and nodding to him, as she left him at the gate of the lawyer’s house, by the ivy-covered wall.
But none the less, peasants in full dress, their feet soaked in the skin sandals, were trooping in the sun, purchasing, selling, bargaining for cloth, talking all the time.
Dante is defending his personification of Love as one walking, speaking and laughing on the assumption that as a poet he is licensed to use figures or rhetorical colorings.
His sanction for this high opinion of the persuasive power of example is the rhetorical commonplace of the renaissance that the way is long by precept and short by example.
Far away on the western slope we could see some Kurdish women plodding along under heavy burdens of pine-branches like those that were now fumigating our eyes and nostrils.
Had these donkeys not been of a philosophical turn of mind, they might have offered forcible objections to the way we extricated them from their straightened circumstances.
The example of the grand duke illustrates the sentiment in favor of industrial pursuits which is growing among the military classes, and even among the nobility, of Russia.
The long wagon-trains of lumber, and the occasional traveler’s tarantass rumbling along to the discord of its _duga_ bells, were enveloped in a cloud of suffocating dust.
Our host was agitated to tears; he came out wringing his hands, and urging upon us that any attempt on our part to enter would cause a rush that would break his house down.
Farther on we would meet a party of Chinese emigrants or exiles, on their way to the fertile regions that skirt the northern and southern slopes of the Tian Shan mountains.
The school established for this purpose at Lan-chou we occasionally visited, and assisted the Chinese schoolmaster to hear the recitations from Routledge’s spelling-book.
The rest I’d have thee know I do despise, I better understand my conquering Eyes; Those Eyes that shall revenge my Love and Shame, I’ll kill thy Reputation and thy Name.
Your Conventicling Miracles out-do All that the Whore of_ Babylon _e’er knew: By wondrous art you make Rogues honest Men, And when you please transform ‘em Rogues again.
you shall pardon me for that; as if a Lord had not more privilege to be more saucy, more rude, impertinent, slovenly and foolish than the rest of his Neighbours, or Mankind.
‘Sdeath, how she stunk-- my senses are most luxuriously regal’d--there’s my perpetual Musick too--                                   [_Knocking of Hammers on a Anvil_.
I long to be in bed with a--hey tredodle, tredodle, tredodle,--with a hay tredool, tredodle, tredo--                        [_Dancing and playing on his Stick like a Flute_.
Why, _Cato_ was a wiser Man than I, and he lent his Wife to a young Fellow they call’d _Hortensius_, as Story says; and can a wise Man have a better Precedent than _Cato_?
That I was capable to do you service, Was the most grateful Bounty Heaven allow’d me, And I no juster way could own that Blessing, Than to imploy the Gift for your repose.
_Erminia_ yet is hardly brought to yield; She wants but some encouragement from you, That may assist her weakness to subdue, And ‘twas but faintly she deny’d to see you.
You may, like those afrighted, by degrees Allay your sense of terror in the Object, And then its Power will lesson with your Fear, And ‘twill be easy to forgo the Fantasm.
--I find the cheat, and will not to the Camp; --Thou shalt supply my place, and I’ll return: The Night grows on, and something will be done That I must be acquainted with.
--I must distrust their Bounties, who neglected The best and fairest of their handy-work; This will incourage Sin, when Innocence Must perish thus, and meet with no defence.
I never could dissemble at my best, And now methinks your Highness should believe me, When my despairs and little love to life Make me despise all ways that may preserve it.
It will be remembered that Melantius was Betterton’s last rôle, in which he appeared for his benefit 13 April, 1710, to the Amintor of Wilks and the Evadne of Mrs. Barry.
Esdalle, _English Tales and Romances_, enumerates sixteen versions, editions and abridgements, concluding with ‘The Seventh Edition’ 12mo, 1733.  p. 214 _Enter Bredwel_.
Now, thanks to a wealthy relative, who left me a fortune, I am amply provided for.  At this moment the study door opened and a bright-looking boy of about fifteen entered.
This money will last me two weeks, and in that time I ought to secure something.  He went from place to place, answering advertisements the next day, but met with no luck.
After establishing themselves at a hotel and eating dinner, they went at once to the office of Dean & Downie, the real estate agents from whom Chester had received a letter.
Manchester House was to be fitted up as a boarding-house for the better classes, and was to make a fortune catering for the needs of these gentry, who had now nowhere to go.
But on Sunday evening, there he sat, rather stiff and brittle in the old Withams’ pew, his head pressed a little back, so that his face and neck seemed slightly flattened.
It was a long straggle of a dusty road down in the valley, with a pale-grey dust and spatter from the pottery, and big chimneys bellying forth black smoke right by the road.
How’d you like to hug and squeeze,                     (_Just try me!_)  Dandle me upon your knee, Calling me your little lovey-dovey— How’d you like to spoon with me?
Treats me as if she didn’t _know_ me—  “What a pity!  “Oh—unbearable! He spread his plump, manicured hands, on one finger of which was a green intaglio ring.
When the interval arrived, Mr. May hurried to the box-office, a narrow hole that James could just sit in, and there he found the invalid in the same posture, semi-conscious.
“I think you’d be happier away from it.  “Yes—probably I should—now!  None the less, poor Miss Pinnegar was grey-haired, she was almost a dumpy, odd old woman.
And in Manchester House, too—! He went off into another silent, turkey-scarlet burst of mirth, wriggling in his chair and squealing faintly: “Oh, I love it, I love it!
The whole place had a certain free-and-easy confusion, a human, unofficial, muddling liveliness which was not quite like England, even though it was in the middle of London.
When Ciccio happened to be out in the evening he would sit with her and tell her stories of Lord Leighton and Millais and Alma Tadema and other academicians dead and living.
An oath, moreover, has been taken, as well on our part as on the part of the barons, that all these conditions aforesaid shall be kept in good faith and without evil intent.
An oath, moreover, has been taken, as well on our part as on the part of the barons, that all these conditions aforesaid shall be kept in good faith and without evil intent.
Literary study of style in occasional oratory must have been extensive and extravagant at a very early date, to judge by the rebukes of such practical speakers as Alcidamas.
The treatise is almost entirely a metrical study, although the author does call attention to three special ornaments of verse, which are comparisons, epithets, and proverbs.
Horace had been known long before, but not until Drant's translation of the _Ars Poetica_ into English in 1567 is its influence seen to be definite and extensive in England.
With the English literary criticism in the second half of the Seventeenth Century, when the influence of French classicism was in the ascendant, this study is not concerned.
But Medea flying, although I chanted sometimes, yet I maintained not the truth of; and though I heard it sung, I believed it not: but these phantasies I thoroughly believed.
Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII, compressed (zipped), HTML and others.
But while our boastful host was kicking up the mats to convince us of the truth of his assertions, he suddenly retired behind the scenes to rid himself of some of the pests.
So it was at Bostam, the residence of one of Persia’s most influential _hakims_, or governors, literally, “pillars of state, who was also a cousin to the Shah himself.
His wonderment was increased when he further read that such a journey was being made on the “foot-moved carriages, which were being curiously fingered by the attendants.
He said that no passport would insure success by the method we proposed to pursue; that, before he could allow us to make the venture, we must wait for an order from Peking.
We are glad to say, however, that no attempt at robbery was ever discovered, although efforts at extortion were frequent, and sometimes, as will appear, of a serious nature.
When the refreshing kumiss was served around the evening camp-fire, the dangers of the journey through China were discussed among our hosts with frequent looks of misgiving.
Our return visits would always be made by request, on the wheels, either alone or with our interpreter, if we could find one, for our Chinese was as yet painfully defective.
A coxcomb of the first water, Sir Timothy receives a sharp rebuff when he opens his suit, and accordingly he challenges Bellmour, but fails to appear at the place of meeting.
I must confess it, Sir, without a blush, (For ‘tis no Sin to love) that I cou’d wish-- Heaven and my Father were inclin’d my way: But I am all Obedience to their Wills.
This Night upon the Couch my self I’ll lay, And like _Franciscans_, let th’ensuing Day Take care for all the Toils it brings with it; Whatever Fate arrives, I can submit.
I think the Gods wou’d hardly be ador’d, If they their Blessings shou’d, unask’d, afford; And I that Beauty can no more admire, Who ere I sue, can yield to my Desire.
I will say no more, but as you love my Life, and my   dearer Honour, get a Divorce, or you will see both ruin’d in                                              Your_ Diana.
And if she do not, possibly that may be your Fate--but in return, you must let _Clara_ know the Design I have, and, undeceiving her opinion of my Love, make her of our Party.
‘Tis true, he is above me every way, and the Honor my Father thinks to do our Family by this Match, makes him resolve upon’t; but I have given my Vows to young _Antonio_.
As the niggardly Sir Cautious bewails his losses the victor offers to stake three hundred pounds against a night with Julia, the bargain, of course, being kept from the lady.
Long may your Lordship live to remain in this most Honourable Station, that his Majesty may be serv’d with an entire Fidelity, and the Nation be render’d perfectly Happy.
For from this hour I’ll be his evil Genius, haunt him at Bed and Board; he shall not sleep nor eat; disturb him at his Prayers, in his Embraces; and teaze him into Madness.
But mine will no addition more receive, Fate has bestow’d the worst she had to give; Your mighty Soul can all its rage oppose, Whilst mine must perish by more feeble blows.
--It was but now that lovely thing had Life, Could speak and weep, and had a thousand Charms, That had oblig’d a Murder, and Madness’t self To’ve been her tame Adorers.
No, my _Philander_, if that after death Ought could remain to me of this World’s Joys, I should remember none with more delight, Than those of having left thee truly happy.
Doubt me not, Sir, and I hope your Reverence will reward my faithful Services with _Mopsophil_, your Daughter’s Governante, who is rich, and has long had my Affection, Sir.
What if I drown my self?--No, Useless Dogs and Puppies are drown’d; a Pistol or a Caper on my own Sword wou’d look more nobly, but that I have a natural Aversion to Pain.
Now, Sir, be pleas’d to observe the three Regions: if they be bright, without doubt _Mars_ is powerful; if the middle Region or Camera be palled, _Filia Solis_ is breeding.
Rymer particularly praises Hart and Mohun in this tragedy, saying: ‘There we have our Roscius and Aesopus both on the stage together.’ After 1683 it was differently cast.
If Mrs. Behn’s complaint about the public is true, James II was, none the less, himself a good friend to the stage, and many excellent plays were produced during his reign.
If you want to download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular search system you may utilize the following addresses and just download by the etext year.
“Did you make any entry on the books?  “I—I don’t remember.  “Show me the record.  Mr. Fairchild opened the book, and saw an entry made, but afterward erased.
I never saw him look so happy or contented before.  All this while Ernest continued to stroke Chester’s cheek and his hair, and regarded him with looks of fond affection.
“If that is the case, he said, “I won’t be afraid of you as a rival in drawing.  Mr. Perkins set himself to finishing his letter, and in twenty minutes it was done.
Perhaps Chester would invite him out to lunch, and Mr. Tripp, in his frugality, would not have declined the offer even of an office boy, as long as it would save him expense.
Mullins continued to say considerable that was derogatory to Chester, and left Mr. Tripp under the impression that he was a failure so far as New York business was concerned.
That might drive the hotel people to seeking another site for their house.  “Thank you, Mr. Fairchild; I will remember your advice.  “The journey is an expensive one.
The lawyer’s coming at four o’clock, and I want you to confirm Mrs. T. in her belief in the boy’s death.  “It’s dry talkin’, Abner, said Floyd, significantly.
Miss Dolby’s board ran the house, so that Chester didn’t need to send any home, and now Chester’s lost his place.  “You don’t say so! ejaculated Silas, eagerly.
There’s no need for shots, Miss Huffen—we bring it down—you see here— And he stooped, pointing to a shallow, shelving excavation which he was making under the coal.
“But you’d better get the stocking out of it.  Without a thought, he pulled his trouser-leg higher and rolled down his stocking, extremely gingerly, and sick with pain.
We call him Ciccio also— But Ciccio was dropping his head sheepishly, with the same faint smile on his face, half grimace, and stooping to his chair, wanting to sit down.
Louis and Geoffrey half understood, so Louis nodded with a look of deep comprehension, whilst Geoffrey uttered short, snappy “Ja!—Ja!—Doch!—Eben! rather irrelevant.
quelle tête de veau, said Max, suddenly contemptuous and angry because Ciccio, who really was slow at taking in the things said to him, had once more failed to understand.
“I’m _sure_ it’s more effective than senna-pods.  Then she returned to her own window, huddled her furs over her breast, and rested her white elbows in the moonlight.
Going upstairs, half way up, at the turn of the stairs was the opening of a sort of barn, a great wire-netting behind which showed a glow of orange maize-cobs and some wheat.
They say to me ‘Why do you think you are a signore?’ Oh, they are bad people, envious, you cannot have anything to do with them.  “They are nice to me, said Alvina.
You are not a contadina— Alvina could feel the oriental idea of women, which still leaves its mark on the Mediterranean, threatening her with surveillance and subjection.
(22) A fine imposed upon the lay property of a clerk in holy orders shall be assessed upon the same principles, without reference to the value of his ecclesiastical benefice.
We will not retain beyond one year and one day, the lands of those who have been convicted of felony, and the lands shall thereafter be handed over to the lords of the fiefs.
As the critical theorists believed that the poets were inspired, they endeavored less to teach men to be poets than to point out the excellences which the poets had attained.
The court sustained his opponent, whose client swore, and Albucius retired in shame to the more comfortable shades of the declamation schools, where figures were appreciated.
Sir John Harington[392] who published his _Brief Apologie of Poetrie_ in 1591, four years before the publication of Sidney's _Apologie_, based much of his treatise on Sidney.
Thus the story of the rape of Proserpine signifies, when allegorically interpreted; the putrefaction and succeeding generation of the Seedes we commit to Pluto, or the earth.
If you want to download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular search system you may utilize the following addresses and just download by the etext year.
On emerging from the door of an inn we frequently found this unexpected guard waiting with a Winchester rifle swung over his shoulder, and a fleet steed standing by his side.
Now and then we could descry the black volcanic peaks of Ali Ghez forty miles away to the northwest, and on the southwest the low mountains that obscured the town of Bayazid.
Whereupon the Persian troopers, with their much disgusted leader, beat an inglorious retreat, leaving “Katty Greenfield mistress of the situation, and of a Kurdish heart.
The very recently coined _liang_, or _tael_, the Mexican piaster specially minted for the Chinese market, and the other foreign coins, have not yet penetrated from the coast.
This, however, did not prevent the crowd from pushing us against each other, or sticking sticks in the wheels, or throwing their hats and shoes in front of us, as we rode by.
During our stop of two days, to make necessary repairs and recuperate our strength for the hardships of the desert, the usual calls were exchanged with the leading officials.
With the sudden and violent transitions of temperature in the severe Mongolian climate, it may be doubted whether any portion of Shi Hoangti’s original work still survives.
That’s all one, Sir, the old People have adjusted the matter, and they are the most proper for a Negotiation of that kind, which saves us the trouble of a tedious Courtship.
There we wou’d practise such degrees of Love, Such lasting, innocent, unheard of Joys, As all the busy World should wonder at, And, amidst all their Glories, find none such.
_And now the amorous Youth is all undrest,     Just ready for Love’s mighty Feast;   With vigorous haste the Veil aside he throws,     That doth all Heaven at once disclose.
And if I do not fit you with a Don better than _Don Del Phobos_, or _Don Quixote_, let me be hang’d up for the Sign of the Black Boy on my own Poles at a _Spanish_ Inn door.
He has taken a world of pains about your particular Chapter, and no doubt but he preach’d according to instructions;--what say you for your self, that Judgment may not pass?
Yes, Madam; and at the door encountred the beastly thing he calls a Landlady; who lookt as if she had been of her own Husband’s making, compos’d of moulded Smith’s Dust.
methinks you might have had a Sirreverence, under your Girdle, Sir; I am honoured with another Title, Sir--                                        [_Goes talking to the rest_.
Shou’d I consent, my Father is a Man whom Interest sways, not Honour; and whatsoever Promises he ‘as made you, he means to break ‘em all, and I am destin’d to another.
--Come, _Lette, Lette_; hasten, Rogue, hasten to thy Chamber; away, here be the young Wenches coming--                                            [_Puts her out, he goes out_.
Madam, your Virtue, Charity and Friendship to me, has made me trespass on you for my Life’s security, and beg you will protect me, and my Husband--    [_Points at_ Bellmour.
Women those charming Victors, in whose Eyes Lie all their Arts, and their Artilleries, Not being contented with the Wounds they made, Would by new Stratagems our Lives invade.
Such charms of Innocence her Eyes do dress, As would confound the cruel’st Murderess: And thou art soft, and canst no Horror see, Such Actions, Sister, you must leave to me.
Sir, you are of so strange a jealous Humour, And I so strangely jealous of your Honour, That ‘twixt us both we may make work enough; But on my Soul I know no wrong you have.
--I know ‘tis just I should restore thy Sword, But thou hast show’d the basest of thy play, And I’ll return th’uncivil Treachery; You merit Death for this base Injury.
I dare not discover the Fool for his Master’s sake, and it may spoil our Intrigue anon; besides, he’ll then discover me, and I shall be discarded for bantering the Doctor.
Hark, hark, the Musick of the Spheres,     Some Wonder approaching declares;   Such, such, as has not bless’d your Eyes and Ears     This thousand, thousand, thousand Years.
I am,--and these are Gentlemen of Quality, That long have lov’d your Daughter and your Niece; _Don Cinthio_ this, and this is _Don Charmante_, The Vice-Roy’s Nephews both.
4tos read ‘Billet Deux’--The same form is found in the _Prologue_ l. 8; but as no other instance of ‘Billet Deux’ occurs I have corrected what is doubtless a misprint.
It is noticeable that generations after Tobin borrowed not a few incidents from _The Lost Lady_ for _The Curfew_, produced at Drury Lane, 19 February, 1807, a posthumous play.
It is interesting to note that less than a century after this prologue was first spoken, _The Emperor of the Moon_ was itself being played at the puppet show in Exeter Change.
Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook’s eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII, compressed (zipped), HTML and others.
The store was in the center of the village, nearly opposite the principal church—there were two—and here it was that the townspeople gathered to hear and discuss the news.
Lawyer, make out a deed of gift of these lots to Chester Rand, and I will sign it.  The writing was completed, Bruce found strength to sign it, and then sank back exhausted.
“If there were any chance of making a living in Wyncombe, it would be different.  “You might go back to Mr. Tripp’s store.  “After he had charged me with stealing?
This is Thirty-fourth Street.  They kept on, crossing Sixth and Seventh Avenues, and presently stood in front of a neat, brownstone house between Seventh and Eighth Avenues.
“Did you go to Long’s?  “Yes.  “What did you find out?  “I found out that your office boy had been there and carried them the receipt.  “The young—viper!
“Does he seem to suit Mr. Fairchild?  “Yes; he appears to be intelligent, and he attends to his duties—worse luck!—but he’s a thorn in my side, a thorn in my side!
He therefore worked slowly and carefully, and it was nearly an hour before he raised his head and said:  “I have finished.  “Show the sketch to me, said the professor.
Between uncle, Ernest and myself, you will find your time pretty well occupied when you come here.  “I think it a great privilege to come here, said Chester, gratefully.
Just look in this drawer.  Arthur opened one of the small drawers in his bureau, and displayed a varied collection of studs, sleeve buttons, collar buttons, scarf pins, etc.
“Where did you get them all?  “I had an uncle who was in the business, and he and other relatives have given me plenty.  “I haven’t even a watch.  “No, really?
Perhaps I was foolish to leave my home, poor as it was, and come here to ask help.  “How much money will take you home?  “Two dollars.  “Here is a ten-dollar bill.
“You seem to have got in with Fleming.  “I may not keep in with him.  “Are you doing pretty well?  “Yes, for a boy.  “Have you got a loose quarter about you?
I suppose everybody—everybody, at least, who is presentable—in New York comes here sometime during the year.  Just then Chester uttered a little exclamation of surprise.
He seems coarse, and is half the time under the influence of drink.  “I wonder whether he has induced your mother to make a will in his favor, said Wilson, thoughtfully.
Instead of being carried away by his grace and eloquence, the nasty louts of colliery boys and girls openly banged their feet and made deafening noises when he tried to speak.
When her curious Amazonic power left her again, and she was just a mere woman, she made shy eyes at them once more, and treated them with the inevitable female-to-male homage.
Sure enough, as she came out through the narrow choir gate into Knarborough Road, there was Albert stepping forward like a policeman, and saluting her and smiling down on her.
James, however, was such an airy feather himself he did not remark this, but only felt a little self-important at sustaining such a subtle conversation with a man from Oxford.
Say what you _can_ think of, retorted Mr. May, rather annoyed by this shrewd, shaking head of a doddering provincial, and by his own sudden collapse into mean subordination.
Many of the turns she will not need to accompany—  “Well, if it comes to that, said Mr. May, “I can accompany some of them myself, when I’m not operating the film.
Ciccio stood back near the door, and answered all Miss Pinnegar’s entreaties to come to the fire with a shake of the head and a slight smile of the lips, bashful and stupid.
Alvina watching him, as if hypnotized, saw his old beauty, formed through civilization after civilization; and at the same time she saw his modern vulgarianism, and decadence.
And there in the dirty station gang-ways and big corridors dozens of Italians were lying on the ground, men, women, children, camping with their bundles and packages in heaps.
Only the tall, handsome mountain youth who had sat across from her, descended grumbling because the ’bus had brought him past his road, the driver having refused to pull up.
It was a wonder-world: the moon over the snow heights, the pallid valley-bed away below; the river hoarse, and round about her, scrubby, blue-dark foothills with twiggy trees.
He spent most of his time working in the fields and woods, most of his evenings at home, often weaving a special kind of fishnet or net-basket from fine, frail strips of cane.
Krapp aided me by his valuable suggestions before and after writing and generously allowed me to use several summaries which he had made of early English rhetorical treatises.
In the first place    Poetry tends to express the universal--how a person of a certain type   will on occasion speak or act according to the law of probability or   necessity.
As has been shown,[263] the classical critics were in substantial agreement with Aristotle in defining rhetoric as the faculty of discovering all possible means to persuasion.
It was thus inevitable that an acceptance of the moral purpose of poetry should sooner or later drive any logical minded critic of poetry completely into the camp of rhetoric.
Just three years afterward, lacking twenty days, we rolled into New York on our wheels, having “put a girdle round the earth.  Our bicycling experience began at Liverpool.
Then the horses were saddled, the long, narrow boxes attached upright to the pack-mules, and the _kajacas_, or double boxes, adjusted on the backs of the horses of the ladies.
The men would always be mounted on the camels’ or horses’ backs, while the women would be perched on the oxen and bullocks, trained for the saddle and as beasts of burden.
Their universal kumiss, corresponding to the Turkish yaourt, or coagulated milk, and other forms of lacteal dishes, sometimes mixed with meal, form the chief diet of the poor.
All travelers wear gloves, and a huge hood covering the head and face up to the eyes, and in their hands carry a horse-tail switch to lash back and forth over their shoulders.
Through this exceptionally wild district were encountered several herds of antelope and wild asses, which the natives were hunting with their long, heavy, fork-resting rifles.
Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook’s eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII, compressed (zipped), HTML and others.
Hell take your Ignorance, for thinking I am happy,-- Wou’d Heaven wou’d strike me dead, That by the loss of a poor wretched Life I might preserve my Soul--But Oh, my Error!
I long to be at--I _Clara_ take thee _Antonio_,--the very Ceremony will be tedious, so much I wish thee mine; and each delay gives me a fear something will snatch me from thee.
The Race of Life you run off-hand too fast, Your fiery Metal is too hot to last; Your Fevers come so thick, your Claps so plenty, Most of you are threescore at five and twenty.
Leigh _opens his Night Gown, when he comes into the Bride-chamber_; if he do, which is a Jest of his own making, and which I never saw, I hope he has his Cloaths on underneath?
Nor let me die despis’d, upbraided, poor: Let Fortune, Friends and all abandon me-- But let me hold thee, thou soft smiling God, Close to my heart while Life continues there.
A prudent Man would reserve himself--Good-facks, I danc’d so on my Wedding-day, that when I came to Bed, to my Shame be it spoken, I fell fast asleep, and slept till morning.
it shall be when I’ve had Livery and Seisin of her Body--and that shall be presently Rogue,--quick--besides, this _Bellmour_ dares as well be hang’d as come into _England_.
It will not take with me, I love a Man Can kneel, and swear, and cry, and look submiss, As if he meant indeed to die my Slave: Thy Brother looks--but too much like a Conqueror.
--Oh, he’s a man made up of those Perfections, Which I have often lik’d in several men; And wish’d united to compleat some one, Whom I might have the glory to o’ercome.
’.was not long since you parted in such feud, And swore my treatment of you was too rude; You vow’d you found no Beauty in my eyes, And can you now pursue what you despise?
Those Sisters too the scandalous Wits do say, Two nameless keeping Beaux have made so gay; But those Amours are perfect Sympathy, Their Gallants being as mere Machines as they.
That’s when he’s present only, and makes his Court to me; I can sigh to a Lover, but will never sigh after him:--but Oh, the Beaus, the Beaus, Cousin, that I saw at Church.
Let Nature put on her Beauty of May,     And the Fields and the Meadows adorn;   Let the Woods and the Mountains resound with the Joy,     And the Echoes their Triumph return_.
“You was foolish to leave a stiddy job at the store.  “I couldn’t afford to work for the money you offered me.  “Two dollars and a quarter is better than nothin’.
You’ll find us up.  The idea had occurred to Mr. Tripp that Mrs. Rand must be very short of money, and might be induced to dispose of her place at a largely reduced figure.
What on earth makes him think I would stoop to do such a thing?  “’Cause your handkerchief was found on a flour barrel ’side of the money drawer.  “My handkerchief!
“Here is all the magazines, _Puck_ and _Judge_.  “How much do you charge for _Puck_? asked Chester, with interest, for it was _Puck_ that had accepted his first sketch.
By the way, how much do they pay you at the office?  “Five dollars a week.  “Evidently it isn’t as good a business as drawing.  “No, sir; but it is more reliable.
Now, as we are in the real estate business, I thought we would offer our services to find you a suitable house.  “Some friend of mine notified you of my coming to New York?
I believe he is a professor in Williamette University.  “Thank you, Arthur; I shall be very glad to come.  “Come with me now, if you have got through your day’s work.
It is possible I may retain you——  “Oh, sir, if you would!  “On condition that you agree to serve me faithfully.  This was quite beyond the expectations of Felix.
“Your loving son, CHESTER .  Mrs. Rand protested against Chester sending her eight dollars a week, but he insisted upon it, advising her to lay aside what she did not need.
Mr. May, who also was plump and who could hold his tongue, but whose pink, fat face and light-blue eyes had a loud look, for all that, put the speech in his pipe and smoked it.
But I’m sure that these common people here are jealous if anybody does anything or has anything they can’t have themselves.  “I can’t believe it, protested Mr. May.
But let him take them.  So Alvina marched off through the Sunday morning streets, with the Italian, who was down at heel and encumbered with an armful of sick-room apparatus.
And yet as he turned, with his head stretched forward, to move away: as he glanced slightly over his shoulder: she stepped down from the step, down to his level, to follow him.
Sitting on the top of the covered car, in the atmosphere of strong tobacco smoke, he seemed self-conscious, withdrawn into his own cover, so obviously a dark-skinned foreigner.
Perhaps there will be nothing at all left for me, when everything is paid.  She had stopped on the stairs, telling him this, turning round to him, who was on the steps above.
Tommy slept with his fair and ruffled head hanging over the edge of the couch like some great loose fruit, Ciccio was on the floor, face downwards, his face in his folded arms.
Up and down stairs they went, Maria carrying stone and lime on her head, and swerving in Alvina’s doorway, with her burden perched aloft, to shout a few unintelligible words.
The author, he says, should visualize the situations he is presenting, working out the appropriate gestures, for he who feels emotion is best at transmitting it to an audience.
If the definition goes no further, then the only difference between the poet and the orator lies in the Ciceronian dictum that the poet was more restricted in his use of meter.
But even Plutarch, who goes so far as to suggest emending the poets to make their effect more moral, does not suggest that the purpose of poetry is to afford moral instruction.
That the main line of his argument and his best material is drawn from Minturno and Scaliger, as Spingarn has demonstrated,[378] in no way invalidates his claim to distinction.
A sudden turn in the road now brought us in sight of old Arjish Dagh, which towers 13,000 feet above the city of Kaisarieh, and whose head and shoulders were covered with snow.
We showed him everything we had, from our Chinese passport to the little photographic camera, and related some of the most amusing incidents of our journey through his country.
Now and then we would overtake a party of Russian peasants migrating from the famine-stricken districts of European Russia to the pioneer colonies along this Turkestan highway.
We had not been settled long before the _ishan_, or itinerant dervish, was called in to drive away the evil spirits, which the “devil’s carts might possibly have brought.
The palace gates were now thrown open by a host of servants, and in our rags and tatters we rolled at once from the hardships of the inhospitable desert into the lap of luxury.
After several decapitations, the poles were now being restored, and labeled with the words, “Put up by order of the Emperor.    [Illustration: TWO PAGODAS AT LAN-CHOU-FOO.]
Suddenly the rattling of tin pans, the tooting of horns, and the shouting of men, women, and children, aroused us to the realization that something extraordinary was occurring.
Come, Sir, you must forget _Celinda’s_ Charms, And reap Delights within my circling Arms, Delights that may your Errors undeceive, When you find Joys as great as she can give.
Ay, Sir, with News worth the hearing; I have been diligent, Sir, and got my self acquainted with the old Steward of the Family, an avaricious _Judas_, that will betray for Gold.
Besides I have so natural an Inclination for a Don, that if my Father do force me to marry this small Creature of a Merchant, I shall make an Intrigue with some body of Quality.
the Devil’s in these Women, and there be but a Loop-hole to peep out of they’ll spy a man,--I’m resolved to see this thing,--go, retire, you Women, here’s Men coming up.
Is the Honour of my Love despised?--wer’t not i’th presence of the Great _Turk_, for whom I have a reverence because he’s a man of quality--by _Jove_, I’d draw upon you.
Our Town-bred Ladys know you well enough, Your courting Women’s like your taking Snuff; Out of mere Idleness you keep a pother, You’ve no more need of one than of the other.
Here, _Ralph_, the Bottle, Rogue, of Sack, ye Rascal; hadst thou been a Butler worth hanging, thou wou’dst have met us at the door with it.--Ods bods, Sweet-heart, thy health.
Mr. _Bearjest_, your Uncle here and I have struck the Bargain, the Wench is yours with three thousand Pound present, and something more after Death, which your Uncle likes well.
I find my Cousin is resolv’d to conquer, he assails with all his Artillery of Charms; we’ll leave him to his success, Madam.--                                         [_Ex_.
The longing Bridegroom hastens to his Bed; Whilst she with all the languishment of Love, And sad Despair, casts her fair Eyes on me, Which silently implore, I would deliver her.
Hear me, ye Scribling Beaus,-- Why will you in sheer Rhyme, without one stroke   | Of Poetry, Ladies just Disdain provoke,           | And address Songs to whom you never spoke?
_Philander_ never spoke but from a Soul, That all dishonest Passions can controul; With Flames as chaste as Vestals that did burn, From whence I borrow’d mine, to make return.
--Yes--you may disapprove this flame in me, But cannot hinder what the Gods decree; --Search here this truth; Alas, I cannot fear; Your Steel shall find a welcome entrance here.
That’s too much, _Cleontius_--but I will, By _Jove_, Madam, I must not have a Mistress that Has more Wit than my self, they ever require More than a Man’s able to give them.
By _Jove_, Ladies, you get no more of that from me, ’.is that has spoiled you all; I find _Alcander_ can Do more with a dumb show, than I with all my Applications and Address.
But this sham being discovered, Scaramouch runs off with the candles and all slip away in the darkness and confusion, leaving him to return in his shirt as newly risen from bed.
Pinkethman was Harlequin; Rosco, Scaramouch; Arthur, the Doctor; Hallam, Charmante; Hall, Cinthio; Mrs. James, Mopsophil; Mrs. Vincent, Elaria; and the fair Bellamy, Bellemante.
In order to this, _Charmante_ is dressing himself like one of the Caballists of the _Rosycrusian_ Order, and is coming to prepare my credulous Master for the greater Imposition.
_The Ultimum Vale of John Carleton_ (4to, 1663) says, ‘I could wish her coach ... made of the new fashion, with glass, very stately, ... was come for me.’  p. 20 _Tom Dove_.
The first part of this romance was translated into English by Margaret Tiler, _The Mirrour of Princely deedes and Knighthood_ (4to, 1578), other portions appearing subsequently.
He says business is very poor, and he isn’t makin’ any money.  “I wish you and I were making half as much as he.  “There’s one thing I don’t understand, Chester.
You had better stay with me for a few days.  “But I am afraid I shall be putting you to inconvenience, Mr. Conrad.  “No; it will be pleasant for me to have your company.
“I found it after Mr. Mullins went away.  “Where did you find it?  “In the clothes closet, just under where Mr. Mullins hangs his coat, added Chester, significantly.
I was even half inclined—you will laugh, I know—to blow my brains out or to throw myself into the river, when a stranger offered to lend me ten dollars to try my luck again.
I don’t own any real estate, except a three-story house in which I live.  “Perhaps, sir, if you will go to the office with me you will get an explanation.  “Precisely.
“I—I don’t know what to do.  Chester had listened to this conversation with great sympathy for the unfortunate traveler, on account of his age and apparent helplessness.
If ever you are able, repay the money you took from Mr. Fairchild, and I will venture to promise that he will forgive you.  “With God’s help I will!     CHAPTER XXXVIII.
Can’t be!  “He couldn’t be anything else, don’t you think?  “Oh I _can’t_ believe it, I can’t.  But now Mr. May had laid his detaining hand on James’s arm.
And so, Alvina slips away with Miss Poppy’s music-sheets, while Mr. May sits down like a professional at the piano and makes things fly for the up-and-down-stairs Baxter Bros.
I don’t believe in letting these show-people have liberties.  The cavalcade was slowly passing, with its uneasy horses and its flare of striped colour and its silent riders.
“Well, she said, when she was safely back in Manchester House, with the gas lighted, and as she was pouring the boiling water into the tea-pot, “You may say what you like.
Thus he refuses to classify as poetry the scientific writings which Empedocles had composed in meter as well as the histories of Herodotus, even if he had written them in verse.
Anyone, however, who is familiar with the _inventio_ of classical rhetoric, concerned as it is with exploring subject matter, will be at a loss to see the connection with Hawes.
J. Pontanus insists that epideictic prose and poetry have the same material,[187] that poets should learn from the precepts of rhetoric to discriminate in their choice of words.
Consequently, although hedonist theorists have been anxious to establish katharsis on a purely aesthetic foundation, it seems that the theory has inescapable moral implications.
The idea of a trip around the world had been conceived by us as a practical finish to a theoretical education; and the bicycle feature was adopted merely as a means to that end.
We lay down in our clothes, and tried to lose consciousness; but the Turkish supper, the tobacco smoke, and the noise of the quarreling gamesters, put sleep out of the question.
Perhaps it was because he wanted to be polite that he said he had enjoyed our company on the previous day, and had determined, if possible, to have a more extended conversation.
Now the trail of rocks led us within two feet of the chasm’s edge; we approached it cautiously, probing well for a rock foundation, and gazing with dizzy heads into the abyss.
In fact, throughout our Asiatic tour easterly winds prevailed; and should we ever attempt another transcontinental spin we would have a care to travel in the opposite direction.
With his gaze centered upon one spot, his fingers flew over the string of beads in his lap, and his tongue over the stereotyped prayers, with a rapidity that made our head swim.
Bear witness to my Vows-- May every Plague that Heaven inflicts on Sin, Fall down in Thunder on my Head, If e’er I marry any but _Celinda_ Or if I do not marry thee, fair Maid.
Lord, Lord, how ye look now, as if you had committed no Misdemeanour: Alas, good Innocent, what canst thou say for thy self, thou Renegado thou, for being false to my Bosom, say?
None: The Next you’ll hear is, that he’s undone, and that you must go without your Portions; and worse than that, I can tell you, your Uncle designs to turn you out of Doors.
Sir, I meant no hurt, but ‘tis always the fashion of your true bred Courtier, to be more ceremonious in his Civilities to Ladies than Men;--and he desires to know how she does.
Your saucy Rudeness, in a Grandee, is Freedom; your Impertinence, Wit; your Sloven, careless; and your Fool, good natur’d; as least they shall pass so in me, I’ll warrant ye.
What shall I do?--oh, for some Auger-hole to thrust my head into, for I could never indure the noise of Cannons,--oh, ’.is insupportable,--intolerable--and not to be indur’d.
Well was the ignorant lampooning Pack Of shatterhead Rhymers whip’d on_ Craffey’s _back; But such a trouble Weed is Poetaster, The lower ‘tis cut down, it grows the faster.
I tell thee, I will pass and repass, where and how I please; Know’st thou not the difference yet, between a Man Of Money and Titles, and a Man of only Parts, As they call them?
And though he were my God as well as King, I would instruct thee how to disobey him; Thou shalt, _Erminia_, bravely say, I will not; He cannot force thee to’t against thy will.
I found him sitting by a Fountain side, Whose Tears had power to swell the little tide, Which from the Marble Statues breasts still flows: As silent and as numberless were those.
_Pisaro_, ‘twas the office of a Friend, And thou’st perform’d it to a generous end: Go on and prosper in this new design, And when thou’st done, the glory shall be thine.
On 18 September, 1702, at Drury Lane, Will Pinkethman, complying with the wish of several friends and critics, essayed Harlequin without the traditional black mask, ‘but, alas!
Why, look you, Sir, I have, to surprize you with Pleasure, against you came home, been putting up this Piece of Tapestry, the best in Italy, for the Rareness of the Figures, Sir.
In Person--and with him, a Man of mighty Quality, Sir, ‘tis thought, the Prince of _Thunderland_--but that’s but whisper’d, Sir, in the Cabal, and that he loves your Niece.
Jonson’s _The Alchemist_, I (1610):--                You are mistaken, doctor,     Why he does ask one but for cups and horses,     A rifling fly, none of your great familiars.
To-morrow is New Year’s Day, and it will be a good time to ask.  Accordingly, that evening, just as the store was about to close, Chester gathered up courage and said: “Mr.
I was intending to call at your office to-morrow.  “You wouldn’t have found me, Mr. Perkins.  “How is that?  “I have been discharged.  “By that rascal, Mullins?
“I understand, then, he observed, “that you bequeath all your estate to your husband, in the event of your son being decided to be dead.  Mrs. Trimble paused to consider.
A good moiré underskirt for one-and-eleven-three was not to be neglected, and a handsome string-lace collarette for six-three would iron out and be worth at least three-and-six.
Nay, from the very first moment he was smiling on her with a sort of complacent delight—compassionate, one might almost say—as if there was a full understanding between them.
And all the time he looked down at Alvina from under his dusky eyelashes, as if watching her sideways, and his mouth had the peculiar, stupid, self-conscious, half-jeering smile.
And then she had continual bowl-fuls of white and blue violets, she had sprays of almond blossom, silver-warm and lustrous, then sprays of peach and apricot, pink and fluttering.
But she must give security that she will not marry without royal consent, if she holds her lands of the Crown, or without the consent of whatever other lord she may hold them of.
(15) In future we will allow no one to levy an ‘aid’ from his free men, except to ransom his person, to make his eldest son a knight, and (once) to marry his eldest daughter.
Homer realizes the situation by sensory images; he makes the reader see the white foam, and hear the wind howl through the torn sails, yes, and shake with the frightened sailors.
Watson's _Absolon_ and Buchanan's _Iephthe_ he considers the best tragedies of his age because only they can abide the trew touch of Aristotle's precepts and Euripides's example.
This same common-sense conservatism accounts also for the modifications of Italian renaissance critical theories before they were incorporated into the fund of English criticism.
With that higher intelligence and learning which have already been contrasted with the unthinking acceptance of his times[377] Sir Philip Sidney wrote his _Apologie for Poetrie_.
As all cooking and eating had stopped at the sound of the morning cannon, we found great difficulty in gathering together even a cold breakfast of _ekmek_, _yaourt_, and raisins.
We walked, or rather were pushed along by the impatient rabble, and almost deafened by their shouts of “Bin, bin! At the end of the village we repeated our question of where.
The kadi entered with a smile on his countenance, and made the usual picturesque form of salutation by describing the figure 3 with his right hand from the floor to his forehead.
Yet this experience was sufficient to impress us with the fact that the national poets, Hafiz and Sadi, like Thomas Moore, have sought in fancy what the land of Iran denied them.
At this very writing, if the telegraph speaks the truth, the Persian border-province of Dereguez is another cession by what the Russians are pleased to call their Persian vassal.
With a waddling frame, and patched rear-wheel describing eccentric revolutions, we must have presented a rather comical appearance over the remaining thousand miles to the coast.
Just then the innkeeper, at the instigation of the crowd, rushed out and grabbed the handle-bars, demanding at the same time a sum that was even in advance of his original price.
The palanquins we met were always occupied by some high dignitary or official, who went sweeping by with his usual vanguard of servants, and his usual frown of excessive dignity.
He shook our hands heartily in the foreign fashion, and without any show of ceremony led the way into an adjoining room, where a long council-table extended over half the length.
The whole physiognomy was that of a man of strong intuition, with the ability to force his point when necessary, and the shrewd common sense to yield when desiring to be politic.
Our wardrobe being necessarily limited by our mode of travel, we were sometimes reduced to the appearance of traveling mendicants, and were often the objects of pity or contempt.
Sir, when the Letter came of your being married, I will not tell you all the Effects it had Upon my desperate Soul; But this I know, I had resolv’d to die, But first to see you.
Hah, my Sister, whom yet my jealous heart can scarce be reconciled to; so deeply was my fear of Rivalship fixt there, --so sad, my Sister, and so near the happy day with _Carlos_?
Most potent Lord, I do, and wonder at the Compliment,--and yet I am not jealous--I have so overacted the complaisant Husband, that I shall never fall into the other Extreme again.
No more of that, I beseech you, Madam: Prithee, Sir _Cautious_, take away your Wife--Madam, your Servant--                                           [_All go out after the Light_.
a Lover, on my life, This amorous malady reigns every where; Nor can my Sister be an ignorant Of what I saw this night in _Galatea_: I’ll question her--Sister, _Aminta_, Sister.
Mean Beauties should be flatter’d into praise, Whilst you need only Sighs from every Lover, To tell you who you conquer, and not how, Nor to instruct you what attracts you have.
By _Jove_, I do not, Sir, I saw her dead: Alas, I ran as I was wont to do, Without demanding licence, to her Chamber, But found her not, as I was wont to do,    [_The Women weep_.
The piece takes its name from the first operatic scene, which represents a huge silver moon that gradually wanes, whilst a song, ‘Within this happy world above’, is performed.
22 (Steele), Monday, 26 March, 1711. ‘_Your most humble servant_, William Serene’ writes to Mr. Spectator bewailing the fact that nobody on the stage rises according to merit.
for she wore her Mantuas of _Brocade d’or_, Petticoats lac’d up to the Gathers, her Points, her Patches, Paints and Perfumes, and sat in the uppermost place in the Church too.
A Mungrel Dancing-Master; therefore, Sir, since all the Injury’s mine, I’ll pardon him for a Dance, and let the Agility of his Heels save his Bones, with your Permission, Sir.
They     fight at Barriers, to the Tune_.--Harlequin _is often foil’d, but     advances still; at last_ Scaramouch _throws him, and is Conqueror;     all give Judgment for him_.
A whore.’ Swift, _A Tale of a Tub_, Section II, has: ‘They went to new plays on the first night, haunted the chocolate houses, beat the watch, lay on bulks.’  p. 279 _Tubs_.
If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
“If you want Mr. Tripp for a stepfather, she said, “I will see what I can do to ingratiate myself with him.  “No, a thousand times no! replied Chester, with a shudder.
You know money is his god.  “Yet to cheat his own nephew would be so base.  “Is there anything too base for such a man to do to get money?  The young man spoke bitterly.
“While there is life there is hope, Mr. Bruce.  “That means that the odds are against me?  “Yes, I am sorry to say that you are right.  Walter Bruce looked thoughtful.
Now, boys, if you have finished, I will go up and settle the bill.  As they left the restaurant, Mr. Conrad said:  “In honor of your arrival, I shall not work any more to-day.
The most eminent physicians have seen him, but there seems little hope of his improvement or recovery.  “Does he suffer pain?  “You ask on account of the shriek you heard.
Of course, I had to let him into the secret partially, promising him twenty-five dollars for himself.  “Ten would have been sufficient.  “He would not have been satisfied.
If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
And so at last he sank a shaft, sixty feet deep, rigged up a corrugated-iron engine-house with a winding-engine, and lowered his men one at a time down the shaft, in a big bucket.
The way she hung back and looked at them, the young men, as knowing as if she were a prostitute, and yet with the well-bred indifference of a lady—well, it was almost offensive.
The cinematograph was but an item in the program, amidst the more thrilling incidents—to Mr. May—of conjurors, popular songs, five-minute farces, performing birds, and comics.
His hope now lay in the tramway which was being built from Knarborough away through the country—a black country indeed—through Woodhouse and Lumley and Hathersedge, to Rapton.
How unspeakably lovely it was, no one could ever tell, the grand, pagan twilight of the valleys, savage, cold, with a sense of ancient gods who knew the right for human sacrifice.
If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
(28) No constable or other royal official shall take corn or other movable goods from any man without immediate payment, unless the seller voluntarily offers postponement of this.
If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If the copy is good, the poem is artistic and praiseworthy, just as a painting of a venomous spider, if a faithful representation of its loathsome subject, is praised for its art.
Consequently, as a result of this tradition, poetic in the middle ages was commonly grouped with grammar or with rhetoric, although Isidore includes it in his section on theology.
Subsequent chapters will show that classical theories of poetry, as published and interpreted by the Italian critics, made almost as slow head against English mediaeval tradition.
Harvey was a classical scholar and rhetorician who knew that poetry and oratory were different things, and believed verse to be the mark of the first and prose of the latter[240].
The poets who endeavor to place their poems on a par with the Scriptures overlook the fact that only the sacred writings can have an allegorical, parabolical or spiritual meaning.
Since Dante had made all these claims, the inference is that Savonarola declined to accept poetry as part of theology, and rejected both Dante and the popular mediaeval tradition.
But in 1575, five years after the publication of Ascham's treatise, George Gascoigne, a poet, published his _Certayne Notes of Instruction Concerning the Making of Verse or Ryme_.
If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
We found with him a Circassian who belonged to the Russian camp at Sardarbulakh, on the Ararat pass, and who had accompanied General Chodzko on his ascent of the mountain in 1856.
The disk of the sun had already touched the western horizon when we came to the black tents of the Kurdish encampment, which at this time of the day presented a rather busy scene.
As he stood before us in the glowing sunset, he was a rather tall, but well-proportioned man, with black eyes and dark mustache, contrasting well with his brown-tanned complexion.
This gigantic rent, hundreds of feet in width and thousands in depth, indicates that northwest-southeast line along which the volcanic forces of Ararat have acted most powerfully.
Its straight lines of iron poles, which we followed very closely from Tabreez to Teheran, form only a link in that great wire and cable chain which connects Melbourne with London.
At the dinner which Mr. Evans and we were invited to eat with his excellency, benches had to be especially prepared, as there was nothing like a chair to be found on the premises.
But in central Asia we found that the Russian bankers and merchants would not handle English paper, and we were therefore compelled to send our letter of credit by mail to Moscow.
All, however, would have to be weighed in the _tinza_, or small Chinese scales we carried with us, and on which were marked the _fün_, _tchan_, and _liang_ of the monetary scale.
In this lonely spot we were forced to spend the night, as here occurred, through the carelessness of the Kuldja Russian blacksmith, a very serious break in one of our gear wheels.
The Ling Darin informed us that a can of this milk, which he once presented to Chinese friends, had been mistaken for a face cosmetic, and was so used by the ladies of the family.
If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession.
Well, Sir, I’ll bring you to my Sister; and if she likes you, as well as My Father does, she’s yours; otherwise, I have so much Tenderness for her, as to leave her Choice free.
If this be not ill Luck, the Devil’s in’t--But _Driver_ must bring matters about, that I may see this liberal Squire again--But here comes my Noddy, I must pretend to be angry.
No more, thy Fate is fix’d--and, here attend, till he himself deliver his willing Wife into my Arms; _Bassa_, attend, and see it be perform’d--    [_To his Mutes, then to_ Guz.
| No Buffoonry can miss your Approbation, You love it as you do a new_ French _Fashion: Thus in true hate of Sense, and Wit’s despite, Bantring and Shamming is your dear delight.
His estate has been mortgaged to an old banker, Sir Cautious Fulbank, whose wife Julia he loves, and to her he pretends to have gone to Northamptonshire to his uncle’s death bed.
I say, after all these Supervisors the Ladys may be convinc’d, they left nothing that could offend, and the Men of their unjust Reflections on so many Judges of Wit and Decencys.
My life on’t; is her Spy on purpose sent, To hold you in a wanton Compliment; That so you may not censure what she ‘as writ, Which done, they face you down ‘twas full of Wit.
The Presence of the King hinder’d my knowledge, Of what I willingly would learn from you; --Come, ne’er deny a truth that plain appears; I see Hypocrisy through all your Tears.
Now, Sir, you are much to blame; I could have borne the rest, but this concerns me: I fear I have but too well kept my Vows with you, Since you are grown but to suspect I have not.
Ay, thou false Varlet, there’s another debt I owe thee, for bringing me so damnable a Lye: my Brother’s well--I met his Valet but a League from Town, and found thy Roguery out.
Dryden’s _An Evening’s Love_ (1668), Act i, I, where Jacinta, referring to the two gallants, says: ‘I guess ‘em to be Feathers of the _English_ Ambassador’s train.’ cf.
Pepys, 24 May, 1660: ‘Up, and made myself as fine as I could, with the linen stockings on and wide canons that I bought the other day at Hague.’  p. 403 _The Count of Gabalis_.
Boys wasn’t so extravagant in them days.  “I don’t believe you were ever extravagant, Mr. Tripp, said Chester, with a tinge of sarcasm which his employer didn’t detect.
We have been very fortunate in securing a boarder who pays eight dollars a week, so that mother thinks she can get along for the present without help from me.  “That is famous.
But his brain was busy with the thought, “Where could James Long have obtained the receipt? He remembered having put it into the pocket of his overcoat, and it had disappeared.
“Do you really mean it?  “Certainly.  “But would your uncle approve of your giving me such a valuable present?  “My uncle doesn’t bother himself about such trifles.
“I thought you were an office boy.  “So I am, sir, but—sometimes I sell sketches to the illustrated papers.  “What did you get for this?  “Seven dollars and a half.
Finally Mr. Mullins said, “What did I understand you to call yourself?  “Paul Perkins, of Minneapolis.  “And—you are staying at the Fifth Avenue Hotel?  “Certainly.
Marsden had agreed to take over James’s premises at the same rent as that of the premises he already occupied, and moreover to do all alterations and put in all fixtures himself.
And Mr. May, with a graceful wave of his grey-suède-gloved hand, was turning back to the Moon and Stars, strutting, whilst James was running home on tip-toe, in his natural hurry.
It could not believe that he was only _so_ fond of Alvina because she was like a sister to him, poor, lonely, harassed soul that he was: a pure sister who really hadn’t any body.
“Of cauce, he said later to Alvina, “I can’t _possibly_ stop on if we are nothing but a picture show! And he arched his blanched and dismal eyelids with ghastly finality.
An’ I’m none th’ wuss for it, tha sees.  “You’ve heard what I’ve told you.  “Ah, I have.  “And if you go on with the beer, you may go on with curing yourself.
Hermagoras affirms that the purpose of rhetoric is persuasion,[40] and Dionysius of Halicarnassus defines rhetoric as the artistic mastery of persuasive speech in communal affairs.
The _comma, colon_, and _periodus_ which to classical authors signified rhythmical units in the sentence movement had already come to mean to most people only marks of punctuation.
acknowledges the works of the poets to be the chief springs of learning, both for Profit and Pleasure, showing Things as they should be, where Histories represent them as they are.
We would offer one of them a ride on our “very nice horses. This would cause a general giggle among her companions, and a drawing of the yashmak closer about the neck and face.
Little Ararat (12,840 feet above sea-level), and the other still smaller heights that dot the plain, only serve as a standard by which to measure Ararat’s immensity and grandeur.
Now we could see how, in ages past, the lava had burst out of the lateral fissures in the mountain, and flowed in huge streams for miles down the slope, and out on the plain below.
The government itself, thanks to the severe lesson of the Crimean war, has learned that a great nation must stand upon a foundation of something more than aristocracy and nobility.
It was when wading through such streams as this, where every effort was required to balance ourselves and our luggage, that the mosquitos would make up for lost time with impunity.
The completion of the Transsiberian railroad, by which troops can be readily transported to that portion of her dominion, may change Russia’s attitude toward the province of Ili.
I vow to Fortune, _Ned_, thou must come to _London_, and be a little manag’d: ‘slife, Man, shouldst thou talk so aloud in good Company, thou wouldst be counted a strange Fellow.
There stands the Traitor, with a guilty Look, That Traitor, who the easier to deceive me, Betray’d my Sister; yet till I came and saw The Perjury, I could not give a Faith to’t.
alas, what pity ‘twas I carried you not in my hand, presented you to him my self, and beg’d him to favour me so much to do my office a little for me, or the like; hah,--  _Jul_.
No, no, I am for marrying her out of hand to any reasonable Husband, except a Merchant; for Maids will long, and that’s _Probatum est_ against the prevailing distemper of Longing.
Ah, Crocodile, wou’d thou hadst wept thy Eyes out long ago, that thou hadst never seen this Count; then he had never lov’d thee, and then we had never been invited a ship-board.
Friend, you’ll know your Destiny presently; for ‘tis the custom of the Great _Turk_ to view the Captives, and consider of their Ransoms and Liberties, according to his pleasure.
Amongst which we find those two so rare in a Great Man and a Statesman, those of Gracious Speech and easie Access, and I believe none were ever sent from your Presence dissatisfied.
Good--Mun, here’s Company--      _Enter_ Gayman _with his Hat and Money in’t, Sir_ Cautious     _in a rage, Sir_ Feeble, _Lady_ Fulbank, Leticia, _Captain_     Noisey, Bellmour.
Thou hast disarm’d my Rage, and in its room A world of Shame and softer Passions come, Such as the first efforts of Love inspir’d, When by thy charming Eyes my Soul was fir’d.
Ill Luck, Ill Luck, I must leave you to night; my Brother the Advocate is sick, and has sent for me; ‘tis three long Leagues, and dark as ‘tis, I must go.--They say he is dying.
‘Twere good for you, Sir, if I were a thing of Air; but as I am a substantial Mortal, I will lay it on as substantially--                                              [_Canes him.
The jest lies in the fact that the middle gallery or eighteenpenny place in a Restoration theatre was greatly frequented by, if not almost entirely set aside for, women of the town.
If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
As he came to the house of the Misses Cleveland, two maiden sisters who lived in a small cottage set back fifty feet from the road, he opened the gate and went up to the front door.
It is a short life.  “Is there anyone you would wish me to notify if the worst comes?  “No, I have scarcely a relative—except Silas Tripp, he added, with a bitter smile.
“In a small way.  “I should like to see some of your pictures.  “I can show you one, and Chester opened his copy of _Puck_ and pointed to the sketch already referred to.
He returned with three parcels of bills in brown paper, and a hundred dollars loose.  “And then you put it in your pocket?  “Yes, Cousin David; I did exactly as you told me.
He said he was going out on an errand.  “Did he take anything with him?  “I didn’t observe, sir.  When Sharpleigh came in a little later he looked about him inquiringly.
I go out about this time.  “It had certainly been a day of surprises, as Felix reflected when he found himself seated opposite a boy whom he had always disliked, as his guest.
If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
And then James Houghton decamped to a small, half-furnished bedroom at the other end of the house, where he slept on a rough board and played the anchorite for the rest of his days.
Mrs. Houghton in shiny black bear’s-fur, the child in the white and spotted ermine, passing silent and shadowy down the street, made an impression which the people did not forget.
The first intelligence which Miss Pinnegar and Alvina gathered of the coming adventure was given them when James announced that he had let the shop to Marsden, the grocer next door.
Geoffrey sat blowing the smoke down his nose, while Ciccio callously lit another cigarette, striking a match on his boot-heel and puffing from under the tip of his rather long nose.
“I’m almost sure she won’t.  After which he said nothing, and Alvina also kept silence till they came to the black dark passage and encumbered yard at the back of the house.
By eight o’clock in the December morning the market was in full swing: a great crowd of handsome mountain people, all peasants, nearly all in costume, with different head-dresses.
It was an ugly, square place, all stone slabs and wall-cupboards, enclosed in four-square stone walls, and lying away beneath Pescocalascio village obvious as if it were on a plate.
If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
I am sure our volunteers will find and correct errors I didn’t catch, and that version 0.2 - 1.0 will have significant improvements, as well as at least one more version in Latin.
If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
The greatest pleasure that I derive from this writing is that of acknowledging my obligations to my friends and colleagues at Columbia University who have so generously assisted me.
The objects of poetic imitation, Aristotle says, are character, emotion, and deed, i.e., men in action,[19] inanimate nature and the life of dumb animals being subordinate to these.
But in England its critical theories were ignored before Ascham, who cites them in the _Scholemaster_ (1570), and never elucidated before Sidney's _Defense of Poesie_ (c. 1583, pub.
In the later, it is, as hath beene saide,   one of the principall Portions of learning, and is nothing else but   _Fained History_, which may be stiled as well in Prose as in Verse.
In the first place poetry is better adapted than philosophy to win men to virtue because it persuades both by precepts and by examples, while philosophy persuades by precepts alone.
If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
We were actuated by no desire to make a “record in bicycle travel, although we covered 15,044 miles on the wheel, the longest continuous land journey ever made around the world.
A long caravan of camels was moving majestically up the road, headed by a little donkey, which the _devedejee_ (camel-driver) was riding with his feet dangling almost to the ground.
The camel of Asia Minor does not share that antipathy for the equine species which is so general among their Asiatic cousins; but steel horses were more than even they could endure.
“Yes, they said; “we have some: but after waiting for ten minutes, we learned that the milk was still in the goats’ possession, several hundred yards away among the rocks.
We then wrapped him up in his greatcoat, and dug out a comfortable bed in the snow, while one of us sat down, with back against him, to keep him from rolling down the mountain-side.
Of this we would partake beneath the shade of their well-trained grape-arbors, while listening to the music, or rather discord, of a peculiar stringed instrument played by the boys.
The penetrating cold, and the occasional panther-like cry of some prowling animal, kept us awake the greater part of the night, awaiting with revolvers in hand some expected attack.
Our aneroid barometer registered approximately six thousand five hundred feet, when we reached at dusk the summit of the highest range of hills we encountered on the desert journey.
From the barrenness of the Gobi to the rank vegetation of the Edzina valley, where the grass and grain were actually falling over from excessive weight, was a most relieving change.
But suddenly their attention was aroused by the counter attraction, and a general rush followed, to the great detriment of the temporary peddlers’ stands erected for the occasion.
In this sad plight, we were rejoiced to find in the “City under the Shade the Scotch missionary, Mr. Laughton, who had founded here the most remote of the China Inland Missions.
If you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
--With what kind Care she did prevent my Arm, Which (greedy of the last sad-parting twine) I wou’d have thrown about him, as if she knew To what intent I made the passionate Offer?
She knows me not-- And ‘twas discreetly done to change my Shape: For Woman is a strange fantastick Creature; And where before, I cou’d not gain a Smile, Thus I may win her Heart.
Peace, Child, peace, the Ladies understand Dueling as little as my self; but, since you are so tender-hearted, Ladies, I’ll not shew you my wound; but faith, it spoiled my dancing.
Faith, Sir, he’s i’th’ right; take him home to _Sevil_, your Neighbours know him not, and he may pass for what you please to make him; the Fellow’s honest, witty and handsom.
_Since with old Plays you have so long been cloy’d, As with a Mistress many years enjoy’d, How briskly dear Variety you pursue; Nay, though for worse ye change, ye will have New.
For all the day a Calm was in his Eyes, And unconcern’d he look’d and talk’d to me; In dancing never prest my willing Hand, Nor with a scornful Glance reproach’d my Falshood.
You’ll never know the bliss of Change; this Art Retrieves (when Beauty fades) the wandring Heart; And though the Airy Spirits move no more, Wit still invites, as Beauty did before.
Thou art a Coxcomb, to think a man of my Quality needs the advantage of Handsomness: A trifle as insignificant as Wit or Valour; poor Nothings, which Men of Fortune ought to despise.
Coward, whom nothing but thy power makes strong; Whom Age and Malice bred t’affright the young; Here thou dost tyrannize to that degree, That nothing but my Death will set me free.
You ought in Justice, Sir, t’excuse me here, Prisoners when first committed are less gay, Than when they’re us’d to Fetters every day, But yet in time they will more easy grow.
Pisaro_, do not err; I found the Prince and she alone together, He all disorder’d like a Ravisher, Loose and unbutton’d for the amorous play; O that she had another Life to lose!
Thus each in his degree, Diversion finds, Your Sports are suited to your mighty Minds; Whilst so much Judgment in your Choice you show, The Puppets have more Sense than some of you_.
Come, come, take Heart of Grace; pull your Hats down over your Eyes; put your Arms across; sigh and look scurvily; your simple Looks are ever a Token of Repentance: come--come along.
_When Maidens are young and in their Spring   Of Pleasure, of Pleasure, let ‘em take their full Swing,         full Swing,--full Swing,     And love, and dance, and play, and sing.
I will devote a part of this to the young man whom you have so kindly taken in, say at the rate of eight dollars a week.  “That will make us feel easy, said Chester gratefully.
“It would pay me better than working for Silas Tripp.  “Perhaps you can get some more work of the same kind?  “I shall send two more sketches to Mr. Conrad in a day or two.
In some agitation he took from his pocket the card containing his friend’s address, and he could hardly help inwardly reproaching him for leaving an inexperienced boy in the lurch.
A letter will be sure to reach me.  “Shall you be at the hotel this evening, Mr. Perkins? added Dick Ralston, who found it hard to give up his design upon his new acquaintance.
“And why not, I should like to know?  “Because I went to Palmer’s Theater.  “So that is the way you spent the quarter I gave you? exclaimed the bookkeeper, indignantly.
The office boy sauntered along, with nothing apparently on his mind, and finally stopped in front of a window on Union Square, which appeared to have considerable attraction for him.
He seems to have such an influence over my mother that it would not be pleasant for me to go there and have a cold reception from her.  “I will call on her and mention your name.
Sometimes when the shrieks grew loudest she came to the shop door and looked with her pale grey eyes at the ridiculous mob of lasses in tam-o-shanters and youths half buried in caps.
“You don’t realize that I’m catering for a higher class of custom—  “But there _isn’t_ any higher class in Woodhouse, father, said Alvina, unable to restrain a laugh.
And so the household diet became meagre in the extreme, the coal was eked out inch by inch, and when Alvina must have her boots mended she must draw on her own little stock of money.
Luckily, for this evening he formulated no desire, but left her in the shop-door soon after nine, with the request:  “I shall see you in the week, shan’t I?  “I’m not sure.
And after that was he going to relapse into his tough and ugly workman’s hide, and treat her as if _she_ were a pair of steps, which might let him down or hold him up, as might be.
If not, I shall have my little apartment in Lausanne, or in Bellizona, and I shall be a bourgeoise once more, and the good Catholic which I am.  “Which I am also, said Mr. May.
Then she asked: “Which work-girls do you say?  And she listened astutely to Mr. May’s forced account of the work-room upstairs, extorting all the details she desired to gather.
“Who knows, truly, my Cic’.  As they went downstairs to rejoin Alvina, whom they heard playing on the piano in the drawing-room, Geoffrey peeped once more into the big bedroom.
How many years had she noticed a particular wild cherry-tree come into blossom, a particular bit of black-thorn scatter its whiteness in among the pleached twigs of a hawthorn hedge.
Be that as it may, for some weeks they went about in the shadow of this repulsive finger which was following after them, to touch them and destroy them with the black smear of shame.
And all the will, hatreds, and bitterness that have arisen between us and our men, clergy and lay, from the date of the quarrel, we have completely remitted and pardoned to everyone.
Imaginative realization of the life of man would be incomplete if the characters in a narrative or in a drama did not use the same rhetorical art as do the characters of actual life.
Especially was this true in those parts of western Europe, such as England, which were remote from the Mediterranean countries which better preserved the heritage of Greece and Rome.
The _De compositione verborum_ of Dionysius of Halicarnassus received its first printing at the hands of Aldus in 1508 and was edited again by Estienne in 1546, and by Sturm in 1550.
Although with good taste as well as classical erudition Ascham preferred Sophocles and Euripides to the oratorical and sententious Seneca, his view was not shared by the renaissance.
Socrates in the _Phaedrus_ laughs at allegory;[300] and Plutarch believes that the poets intended to teach a moral idea by example instead of expressing a hidden meaning by allegory.
Those who by virtue of their friendship with the khanji were admitted to the room with us began a tirade against the boyish curiosity of their less fortunate brethren on the outside.
The falling of barrels and boxes, the rattling of tin cans, the crashing of crockery, the howling of the vagrant dogs that were trampled under foot, only added to the general tumult.
In buying provisions for the expedition, we spent three hours among the half dilapidated bazaars of the town, which have never been repaired since the disastrous Russian bombardment.
The English government, it seemed, had become embroiled in a local love-affair just at a time when Colonel Stewart was off on “diplomatic duty on the Russian Transcaspian border.
The constant use of the saddle has made many of the men bandy-legged, which, in connection with their usual obesity,—with them a mark of dignity,—gives them a comical appearance.
At parting they all dismounted and uttered a prayer to Allah for our safety; and then as we rode away, drew their fingers across their throats in silence, and waved a solemn good-by.
However, we were loath to leave our genial friends for the society of opium-smokers, for we were now in that province of China which, next to Sechuen, is most addicted to this habit.
The Devil confound him, what a Prize have I lost by his being here--my Comfort is, he has not found me out though, but thinks I came to look for him, and accordingly I must dissemble.
by Fortune, he’s so leud, that should I he so unconscionable to leave thee a Virgin but this Night, he wou’d ravish thee himself, and that at cheaper Rates than I design to do it.
_Isabella_, Daughter to _Francisco_; proud, vain and    foolish, despising all Men under the degree of Quality,    and falls in love with _Guiliom_,                     Mrs. _Corror_.
Good Lord, you think your self a very fine Fellow now, and finical your self up to be thought so; but there’s as much difference between a Citizen and a true bred Cavalier--  _Ant_.
Then since I cannot hope to alter thee, Let me but beg that thou wouldst set me free; Free this poor Soul that such a coil does keep; ’.will neither let me wake in Peace, nor sleep.
This theatre was situated in Exeter Change, Strand, on a portion of the site of Burleigh House, the town house of the great Lord Treasurer, which was afterwards known as Exeter House.
Mr. Bullen, who includes this ‘impassioned song’ in his _Musa Proterva: Love-Poems of the Restoration_ (1889), has the following note: ‘Did Mrs. Behn write these fine verses?...
Come, you’ll help me, won’t you?  “Yes, answered Chester, good-naturedly; “I might as well, as I have nothing else to do.  Between the two the basket was easily carried.
There is another boy there now.  “Why did you leave him?  “Because he wanted to cut down my wages from three dollars to two dollars and a quarter.  “Just like uncle Silas.
“He was asking questions about you while he was eating his supper.  Silas Tripp was forced to confess, though reluctantly, that the case against Chester was falling to the ground.
I never earned ten dollars in my life.  “You have never felt obliged to work, except in school.  “I take care not to injure my health in studying, said Arthur, with a laugh.
She’s rolling in wealth, and I am a poor man, obliged to work early and late for a poor living.’  “He pays nothing toward the support of the house, said Edward, indignantly.
Just after leaving Bismarck, in North Dakota, Chester’s attention was called to an old man, whose white hair and wrinkled face indicated that he had passed the age of seventy years.
Strange the difference—she could not help thinking it—between the vulnerable hairy, and somehow childish leg of the real man, and the shapeless form of these workmen’s trousers.
A secret satisfaction came over her pallid, waxy countenance, in which her black eyes were like twin swift extraneous creatures: oddly like two bright little dark animals in the snow.
If all the money hadn’t been—lost—in the way it has, Miss Houghton wouldn’t be playing the piano, for one thing, in a cinematograph show.  “No, perhaps not, said Ciccio.
After a spell of hot, intensely dry weather she felt she would die in this valley, wither and go to powder as some exposed April roses withered and dried into dust against a hot wall.
Aristotle   A survey of what Aristotle includes in his _Poetics_, what he excludes, and what he ignores, will be a helpful initial step in an investigation of what he meant by poetic.
Thus of the twenty-six books into which the _Poetics_ is conventionally divided, five are devoted to the general theory of poetry, three to diction, two to epic, and sixteen to drama.
Definitions   The importance of rhetoric in ancient education and public life is reflected in the wealth of rhetorical treatises composed by classical orators and teachers of oratory.
Max Eastman has pertinently called attention to the fact that it is only to rhetoric, which is a practical activity, that these figures are indirect expressions, or substituted names.
By this he means that the poet should use enjambment freely and should vary the length and form of his clauses, so that the sense should not uniformly conclude with the metrical line.
Although the consensus of classical opinion agreed that poetry does have a moral effect on the reader, it never defined poetry as an art of discovering all means to moral improvement.
Under the influence of Campano, who died in 1477, he advances allegory as the explanation which makes the apparently light and trifling poets moral teachers of the utmost seriousness.
To Budé all history was a moral example[411] and Puttenham's inclusion of didactic fiction is in line with much renaissance thought, which regarded the two as almost interchangeable.
To him the use of feigned history, as he defines poetry, hath beene to give some shadowe of satisfaction to the minde of man in those points wherein the Nature of things doth deny it.
On preparing to leave Kirshehr after our frugal breakfast we found that Turkish curiosity had extended even to the contents of our baggage, which fitted in the frames of the machines.
The most difficult task, perhaps, in our work of preparation was to strike a bargain with an Armenian muleteer to carry our food and baggage up the mountain on his two little donkeys.
These beds of lava were gradually broken up by the action of the elements, and now presented the appearance of ridges of broken volcanic rocks of the most varied and fantastic shapes.
Remonstrances proving of no avail, and being unable to force our passage through the narrow doorway with the bicycles in our hands, we dropped them, and grappled with our antagonists.
The meaning of the name Tashkend is “city of stone, but a majority of the houses are one-story mud structures, built low, so as to prevent any disastrous effects from earthquakes.
Our perplexity over this performance was increased when, at a neighboring village, a bewildered Chinaman sprang out from the speechless crowd, and threw himself in the road before us.
According to time and place, from 185 to 250 were variously reckoned to a degree, while even a difference in direction would very often make a considerable difference in the distance.
The flowing Chinese garments which had been provided from the private wardrobe of the Ling Darin fluttered wildly in the breeze, as we rode out through the city at the appointed hour.
For that let me alone; and if you dare trust her to my Management, I’ll undertake to marry her to a Man of 2000 pounds a Year; and if it fail, I’ll be sure to keep her Honour safe.
By Heaven, and so will _Carlos_ then; for I’m so resolutely bent to possess that dear Creature, That I will do’t with hazard of my Life, Expence of Fortune, or what’s dear to me.
Well, I have considered the matter: I was but a Leather-seller my self, and am grown up to a Gentleman; and, who knows but he, being a Chimney-sweeper, may, in time, grow up to a Lord?
Yet to the World with so bewitching Arts,     Your dazling Beauty you around display,   And triumph in the Spoils of broken Hearts,     That sink beneath your feet, and croud your Way.
_These whiffling Criticks, ‘tis our Auth’ress fears, And humbly begs a Trial by her Peers: Or let a Pole of Fools her fate pronounce, There’s no great harm in a good quiet Dunce.
The Poetess too, they say, has Spies abroad, Which have dispersed themselves in every road, I’th’ Upper Box, Pit, Galleries; every Face You find disguis’d in a Black Velvet Case.
That was your act of Mercy: and I took it To clear my Innocence, and reform the Errors Which those receiv’d who did believe me guilty, Or that my Crimes were greater than that Mercy.
_Let murmuring Lovers no longer repine,     But their Hearts and their Voices advance;   Let the Nymphs and the Swains in the kind Chorus join,     And the Satyrs and Fauns in a Dance.
All the world will be in the Park to-night; Ladies, ‘twere pity to keep so much beauty longer within doors, and rob the Ring of all those charms that should adorn it.’--Act iii sc.
quotes this passage with a reference to the adjective ’.laberkin’ = puffed out, puffy, and a suggestion that it is akin to the substantive ‘flab’ = something thick, broad, fat.
Sitooated as I am, I feel that I must look after every penny, and Mr. Tripp’s face looked meaner and more weazened than ever as he fixed his small, bead-like eyes on his boy clerk.
“I paid back the ten dollars, and went out of the gambling house a rich man, comparatively speaking.  Now, all this story was a clever fiction, but David Mullins did not know this.
About ten days later, Chester found himself alone in the office with his employer, the bookkeeper having gone out to call upon a man who had commissioned the broker to buy him a house.
In case I go on, I can take Edward with me, and trust to him to repay the money advanced at some future time.  The more Chester thought of this plan the more favorable it struck him.
I have no discretion in the matter, and cannot allow you to ride without a ticket.  “Don’t you believe my ticket was stolen? asked the old man, in a state of nervous agitation.
“Shall I bring him up?  “If you like.  Trimble went to the landing and called out: “You can come up, Floyd.  Floyd entered the room, holding his hat awkwardly in his hands.
Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included.
Let us be engaged at once.  As they passed under the lamps he saw her face lifted, the eyes shining, the delicate nostrils dilated, as of one who scents battle and laughs to herself.
She had been round the gardens of her friends, and gathered the scarlet and hot yellow and purple flowers of August, asters, red stocks, tall Japanese sunflowers, coreopsis, geraniums.
“That rotten pair of steps came down with me, said the infuriated voice of Arthur Witham, “and about broke my leg.  Alvina advanced towards him, picking her way over the steps.
They treated her with a sort of off-hand friendliness, and they snubbed and patronized her and were a little spiteful with her because Mr. May treated her with attention and deference.
To Battersea, no doubt, to his cousin—and then to Italy, if he thinks he has saved enough money to buy land, or whatever it is.  “And so good-bye to him, said Mr. May bitterly.
And so, without any light but that of the stars, the cart went spanking and rattling downhill, down the pale road which wound down the head of the valley to the gulf of darkness below.
Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included.
(32) We will not keep the lands of people convicted of felony in our hand for longer than a year and a day, after which they shall be returned to the lords of the ‘fees’ concerned.
And when the summons has thus been made, the business shall proceed on the day appointed, according to the counsel of such as are present, although not all who were summoned have come.
And all the ill-will, hatreds, and bitterness that have arisen between us and our men, clergy and lay, from the date of the quarrel, we have completely remitted and pardoned every one.
And when the summons has thus been made, the business shall proceed on the day appointed, according to the counsel of such as are present, although not all who were summoned have come.
Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included.
In classical times imaginative and creative literature was almost universally composed in meter, with the result that the metrical form was usually thought to be distinctive of poetry.
In the classical treatises on rhetoric this division of elocutio or style into two parts: (1) figures of speech and language, and (2) rhythmical movement of the sentence, is universal.
If Lydgate or Hawes had believed that rhetoric included more than aureate language, surely the scope of their treatises would have afforded them opportunity to correct this impression.
And Thomas Farnaby, whose _Index Rhetoricus_ appeared in six editions between 1633 and 1654, gives a fairly proportioned treatment of _inventio_, _dispositio_, _elocutio_, and _actio_.
Consequently the Aristotelian doctrine that the essence of poetry is imitation was either entertained simultaneously, as in Sidney, or interpreted to mean the same thing, as in Jonson.
Manuals for Poets   Before William Webbe wrote his _Discourse of English Poetry_ (1586) there had been no attempt in England to compose a systematic and comprehensive study of the art.
Lodge and Harington were primarily interested in justifying poetry on moral grounds against the Puritan attack; and Sidney, though he goes beyond this, still keeps it as a main object.
In opposition   to this idea, the ancients define poesy as a primitive philosophy,   guiding our life from infancy, and pleasantly regulating our morals, our   tastes, and our actions.
In order to accomplish this beneficial effect on public morals, the poet must have an exact knowledge of all virtues and vices with ability to render the one loved and the other hated.
Thus Sidney and Jonson, the outstanding classicists in English renaissance criticism, exhibit to the highest degree the influence of the most rhetorical of Italian renaissance critics.
Cutting steps with our ice-picks, and half-crawling, half-dragging ourselves, with the alpenstocks hooked into the rocks above, we scaled its height, and advanced to the next abutment.
In fact, two armed _ferashes_ were galloping toward us, armed, as we afterward learned, with American rifles, and the usual _kamma_, or huge dagger, swinging from a belt of cartridges.
The wheel struck him at a rate of fifteen miles per hour, lifting him off his feet, and hurling over the handle-bars the rider, who fell upon his left arm, and twisted it out of place.
The wife of our host, a buxom woman, who, as we had seen, could leap upon a horse’s back as readily as a man, now entered the doorway, carrying a full-grown sheep by its woolly coat.
It had been posted, we were told, a month before, that “two people of the new world were coming through on “strange iron horses, and every one was requested not to molest them.
Half the night would be given to this process, and a considerable portion of the remaining half would be devoted to smoking small pinches of tobacco in the peculiar Chinese water-pipe.
Being undrained or unswept by the winds, these walled-up tracks are either dust-beds or quagmires, according to the season; for us, the autumn rains had converted them into the latter.
By the time we reached Legation street or, as the natives egotistically call it, “The Street of the Foreign Dependencies, night had veiled our haggard features and ragged garments.
You talkt big, and huft where-e’er you came, like an errant Bully; and so long we reverenc’d you--but now we find you have need of our Courage, we’ll stand on our own Reputations.
Lord, they think there are such Joys in Keeping, when I vow, _Driver_, after a while, a Miss has as painful a Life as a Wife; our Men drink, stay out late, and whore, like any Husbands.
My Lord, when I demanded her, he said indeed that she was dead, and kill’d by him; but this I guess was the Effects of Madness, which Debauchery, and want of Sleep has brought him to.
Guiliom, masquerading as a Count, is of course directly derived from _Les Précieuses Ridicules_, first performed 18 November, 1659, and Isabella is a close copy of Cathos and Magdelon.
Well, I am a wicked Creature to teaze thee so, Dear; but I’ll do what thou wilt; come, come, be friends, I vow, I care not for the Governor, not I, no more than I do for my--own Soul.
Just when the Day is vanish’d into Night, And only twinkling Stars inform the World, Near to the Corner of the silent Wall, In Fields of _Lincoln’s-Inn_, thy Spirit shall meet thee.
The part was given to Westwood, a professional actor, and Otway never essayed to tread the boards again.’  _The Forced Marriage_ seems never to have been revived since its production.
I must confess your Fears are seeming just, But here to free you from the least mistrust, I swear, whilst I’m your Wife I’ll not allow Birth to a Thought that tends to injuring you.
Faith, Seignior, now I look better on you, I do not like your Phisnomy so well as your Intellects; you discovering some circumstantial Symptoms that ever denote a villanous Inconstancy.
John Weever’s _Ancient funerall monuments_ (folio, 1631): ‘The seruant obeyed and (like a good trusty Roger) performed his Master’s commandment.’ Roger stands as a generic name.
“It may be for some boys, but not for me.  Chester reflected that if he worked all day at the farmer’s he could not do any artistic work, and so would lose much more than he made.
“Oh, it’s all very well for you to joke about it, considerin’ you didn’t lose it.  At this moment Abel Wood, who had been sweeping the piazza, entered the store in excitement.
Why, how can you get along without one?  “I have to.  “Wait a minute.  Arthur opened another drawer, revealing two silver watches, one an open face, the other a hunting watch.
I can’t always satisfy the comic papers, and I am likely to have sketches left on my hands.  “Yes; that is a practical way of looking at it, and shows that you are a boy of sense.
“Have you any engagement for this evening?  “No, sir.  “What time do you leave the office?  “At five o’clock.  “Then come round to the hotel and take dinner with me.
More hammering and alterations, and James found himself cooped in a long, long narrow shop, very dark at the back, with a high oblong window and a door that came in at a pinched corner.
The indefinable repose and inevitability of a lady—even of a lady who is nervous and agitated—this was the problem which occupied Lottie’s shrewd and active, but lower-class mind.
“Oh, my dear girl! Madame cried, trotting forward with outstretched black-kid hands, one of which held an umbrella: “I am so shocked—I am so shocked to hear of your poor father.
The fact that Manchester House and its very furniture was under seal to be sold on behalf of her father’s creditors made her feel as if all her Woodhouse life had suddenly gone smash.
“Take that barrow-load of poison, and bury it, he called, “before you do anybody any more harm with it.  “What barrow-load of poison’s that? asked the hawker, approaching.
(46) All barons who have founded abbeys, and have charters of English kings or ancient tenure as evidence of this, may have guardianship of them when there is no abbot, as is their due.
We have remitted and pardoned fully to all men any ill-will, hurt, or grudges that have arisen between us and our subjects, whether clergy or laymen, since the beginning of the dispute.
The best example of this view of rhetoric is furnished by Stephen Hawes in his delectable educational allegory of the seven liberal arts which he calls _The Pastime of Pleasure_ (1506).
The first half, like the section in Webbe, is devoted to English versing, dealing with stanza forms, meters, rime, and conceited figures such as anagrams and verses in the form of eggs.
Nevertheless his claim for the imagination is fortunate in ruling out those theories of art which set up slavish fidelity to fact, under the name of imitation, as the essence of poetry.
In comedy we are pleased to see enemies walk off the stage as friends, but in tragedy the pleasure which the poet should afford is that which comes from pity and fear through imitation.
The young man who is being taught poetry, Plutarch believes, should be made to indulge in pleasure merely as a relish, and to seek for the useful and the wholesome,[290] in his reading.
Unfortunately, he did not digest fully the arguments of the manuscript in his hand, and instead of a first-hand knowledge of Minturno and Scaliger had only the commonplaces of Plutarch.
Our independence in this regard increased, perhaps, the hardships of the journey, but certainly contributed much toward the object we sought—a close acquaintance with strange peoples.
In our tours with Mr. Jewett we were escorted at the head by a Circassian _cavass_ (Turkish police), clothed in a long black coat, with a huge dagger dangling from a belt of cartridges.
We spent a day and night on its bank, in a primitive flour-mill, which was so far removed from domestic life that we had to send three miles up in the mountains to get something to eat.
With no thought at first of acquiring civil power, he and his rapidly increasing following were driven to revolt by the persecuting mollas, and the sanguinary struggle of 1848 followed.
Those “spicy groves, echoing with the nightingale’s song, those “rosy bowers and purling brooks, on the whole exist, so far as our experience goes, only in the poet’s dream.
The warm weather, after the extreme cold of a Siberian winter, had caused the tires to stretch so much beyond their intended size that, on their arrival, they were almost unfit for use.
The Ling Darin’s wife we found an excellent and even artistic cook, while his buxom twin daughters could read and write their own language—a rare accomplishment for a Chinese woman.
It has been said that Li-Hung-Chang is really anti-foreign at heart; that he employs the Occidentals only long enough for them to teach his own countrymen how to get along without them.
By Heaven, _Diana_ loves him, nay, dotes on him, I find it in her Eyes; all languishing, They feed the Fire in his: arm’d with a double Rage, I know I shall go through with my Revenge.
Till now, my _Bellmour_, I wanted Opportunity To ask the Cause, why on a joyful Day, When Heav’n has join’d us by a sacred Tie, Thou droop’st like early Flowers with Winter-storms.
But Bashfulness on his part, did what Pride had done on mine, And kept his too conceal’d--At last my Uncle, who had the absolute Dominion of us both, thought good to marry us together.
And young _Antonio_ you are like to have, for any thing that _Carlos_ cares; for know, to thy eternal joy, my _Clara_, he has but feigned to thee, as much as thy _Antonio_ to _Isabella_.
wou’d it become me, think ye?--he’s mighty full of Cogitabund--my Lord,--sure his Soul has left the Tenement of his Body--I have his Bills here, and care not if it never return more.
Stay, _Julia_--Devil, be damn’d--for you shall tempt no more, I’ll love and be undone--but she is gone-- And if I stay, the most that I shall gain Is but a reconciling Look, or Kiss.
I thought too justly he that conquer’d me Had a sufficient power to captive thee; Thou’st now reveng’d thy Father’s shame and thine, In taking thus _Philander’s_ Life and mine.
I have too much betray’d my Passion for him, --I must recal it, if I can I must:-- I will--for should I yield, my power’s o’erthrown, And what’s a Woman when that glory’s gone?
Alas, _Philander_, I am old and feeble, And cannot long survive: But thou hast many Ages yet to number Of Youth and Vigour; and should all be wasted In the Embraces of an unlov’d Maid?
Ah, Sir, so well I knew you lov’d _Alcippus_, That had you known it e’er the Prince had own’d me, I fear you had restor’d me back again, A Sin too great to load your Soul withal.
Sir, I am your Physician, Friend and Counsellor; It was not in the Power of Herbs or Minerals, Of Reason, common Sense, and right Religion, To draw you from an Error that unmann’d you.
We have some sharp swindlers in New York.  Chester was quite of that opinion, but he was beginning to think that the description would apply better to David Mullins than to James Long.
He imagined, indeed, that Mr. Mullins wanted to get rid of him, but did not doubt that there was such a man as Paul Perkins, and that he was expected to arrive at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.
You’re a good fellow, after all.  “I wish you good luck, too, Mr. Radcliff.  Chester did not need to be told what had brought the elder artist into such an impecunious condition.
I saw his employer myself, and he said that he had to discharge Chester.  Somehow Mrs. Rand did not seem so much disturbed by this intelligence as the storekeeper thought she would be.
I feel for you, Mrs. Rand, as I always liked Chester myself, and I came here to-night to say that I’m ready to take him back into the store, and give him two dollars and a half a week.
He knows nothing about the city.  “Still I am satisfied with him.  The two passed on and went into the bar-room, where they sat down at a table and ordered some liquid refreshment.
“Have you had bad news?  “Yes; I have had a letter from Mr. Wilson, of Portland, whom you recollect we met about a year ago.  “I remember him.  “I will read you his letter.
The fee is owed   to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has   agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project   Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
“At least it agrees with your _health_, said her father, sarcastically, to which Miss Pinnegar answered:  “Well, that’s a good deal.  But Miss Frost said nothing the first day.
She liked the sort of intimacy with them, when they kissed her and wrestled with her in the empty laboratories or corridors—often in the intervals of most critical and appalling cases.
And yet, from August to January, she seemed to be seated in her chair in the bedroom, sometimes reading, but mostly quite still, her hands quietly in her lap, her mind subdued by musing.
And beneath these a broad-letter notice announced, in green letters on a yellow ground: “Final and Ultimate Clearance Sale at Houghton’s, Knarborough Road, on Friday, September 30th.
As she whirled her skirts she kept saying: “A little faster, please—“A little slower—in a rather haughty, official voice that was somewhat muffled by the swim of her drapery.
Beside her plate was a bunch of violets, a bunch of carnations, a pair of exquisite bead moccasins, and a pair of fine doeskin gloves delicately decorated with feather-work on the cuffs.
“Why is it? said Max metaphysically—“why is it that two merry evenings never follow one behind the other.  “Max, beer makes thee a _farceur_ of a fine quality, said Madame.
CHAPTER XI HONOURABLE ENGAGEMENT   For days, after joining the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras, Alvina was very quiet, subdued, and rather remote, sensible of her humiliating position as a hanger-on.
An’ he does make such a mess, for he never stops to wipe his feet on th’ mat, marches straight up your clean stairs—  “Why don’t you tell him to wipe his feet? said Alvina.
I niver knowed a cumber do _me_ no harm, an’ I eat ’em like a happle. Whereupon the hawker took a “cumber from his barrow, bit off the end, and chewed it till the sap squirted.
She loved the lounging carelessness of the train, she liked having Italian money, hearing the Italians round her—though they were neither as beautiful nor as melodious as she expected.
The fee is owed   to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has   agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project   Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
We have also granted to all freemen of our kingdom, for us and our heirs forever, all the underwritten liberties, to be had and held by them and their heirs, of us and our heirs forever.
The fee is owed   to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has   agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project   Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
Lyly drew examples, anecdotes, and fables which he used as Gascoigne suggested, not only from Heywood, but from the _Similia_ and _Adagia_, of Erasmus, and from the _Emblems_ of Alciati.
Ovid and Martial should be kept from young people who have not yet gained sufficient judgment to distinguish between the beneficial and the harmful, and Lucian should not be read at all.
Crossing the Channel, we rode through Normandy to Paris, across the lowlands of western France to Bordeaux, eastward over the Lesser Alps to Marseilles, and along the Riviera into Italy.
That proverbially stubborn creature moved not a muscle until we came alongside, when all at once he gave one of his characteristic side lurches, and precipitated the rider to the ground.
When at last we reached the Trebizond-Erzerum highway at Baiboot, the contrast was so great that the scaling of Kop Dagh, on its comparatively smooth surface, was a mere breakfast spell.
Before us stood a dark-complexioned young man, and at his side a small wiry old gentleman, who proved to be a native Austrian Tyrolese, who followed the profession of an artist in Paris.
We said that the chief invited us to a cup of tea: so he did—but we provided the tea; and that, too, not only for our own party, but for half a dozen of the chief’s personal friends.
If we should continue on, the cold during the night, especially with our scanty clothing, would become intolerable; and then, too, we could scarcely find a spot level enough to sleep on.
For a moment only we lay gasping for breath; then a full realization of our situation dawned upon us, and fanned the few faint sparks of enthusiasm that remained in our exhausted bodies.
Finally we emerged beneath them into the glare of the afternoon sunlight; but on we dashed for 6000 feet, leaning heavily on the trailing-stocks, which threw up an icy spray in our wake.
Into these we would occasionally descend to relieve our reflection-burned—or, as a Persian would say, “snow-burned—faces, while the thermometer above stood at 120° in the shade.
Many a one of these heterogeneous groups we have watched “playing marbles with the ankle-bones of sheep, and listened, with some amusement, to their half Russian, half native jargon.
Schools are now being established to educate the native children in the Russian language and methods, and native apprentices are being taken in by Russian merchants for the same purpose.
Amid a confusion of chattering voices, rustling gowns, clattering shoes, swinging pigtails, and clouds of opium and tobacco smoke, we were brought into the presence of the head official.
Over their full baggy trousers were drawn their riding overalls, which cover only the front and sides of the legs, the back being cut out just above the cloth top of their Chinese boots.
At the edge of the Great Gobi and the converging point of the Nan-lu and Pe-lu—that is, the southern and northern routes to the western world—this oasis is a necessary resting-place.
He was one of that party of mandarins’ sons which had been sent over to our country some years ago, as an experiment by the Chinese government, to receive a thorough American training.
_The Town-Fop; or, Sir Timothy Tawdrey_ is materially founded upon George Wilkins’ popular play, _The Miseries of Enforced Marriage_ (4to, 1607, 1611, 1629, 1637), reprinted in Dodsley.
A new Wench, I warrant--But prithee, _Sham_, I have other matters in hand; ‘Sheart, I am so mortify’d with this same thought of Fighting, that I shall hardly think of Womankind again.
Yet still y’are impregnable--I’ll make another Proposition to you, which is both reasonable and modish--if it prove a Boy--I’ll marry you--the Devil’s in’t, if that be not fair.
Why, what are you better than I, forsooth, that you must be a Lady, and have your Petticoats lac’d four Stories high; wear your false Towers, and cool your self with your _Spanish_ Fan?
--I find let Man be brave, or good, or wise,   His Virtue gains no Smiles from Woman’s Eyes;   ‘Tis the gay Fool alone that takes the Heart,   Foppery and Finery still guide the Dart.
If you have Courage, Youth or Love, you’ll follow me: When Night’s black Curtain’s drawn around the World, And mortal Eyes are safely lockt in sleep,   [_In feign’d Heroick Tone_.
Set me an Age--say when you will be kind, And I will languish out in starving Wish: But thus to gape for Legacies of Love, Till Youth be past Enjoyment, The Devil I will as soon--farewel.
I’ll not consider why you play the Fool, Present me Rings and Bracelets; why pursue me; Why watch whole Nights before my senseless Door, And take such Pains to shew your self a Coxcomb.
Produced in December, 1670 at the Duke’s Theatre, Lincoln’s Inn Fields, _The Jealous Bridegroom_, says the veteran prompter, ‘wrote by Mrs. Behn, a good play and lasted six days’.
The king had to speak the few first words, to which the audience never listens, to make some brief replies in the first scene, and then not to speak again until the end of the fourth act.
You once believ’d that I had guilty been, And had the Punishment, but not the Sin; I suffer’d when ‘twas thought I did aspire, And should by this have rais’d my crimes yet higher.
This comic scene, _Du Desespoir_, which affords such opportunity for the mime, although not given in the first edition of Le _Théâtre Italien_, finds a place in the best edition (1721).
I never wanted him to come to Wyncombe.  “It seems to me you ought to do something for your own nephew.  “I can’t support all my relations, and I won’t, said Silas, testily.
Mr. Fairchild is no sort of a business man.  Chester wondered how, under the circumstances, Mr. Mullins should not have influence enough to secure the situation of office boy for Felix.
“He was—tall, and—yes, with a dark complexion and—and side whiskers.  “About how old?  “I should say about forty.  “I know plenty of people answering that description.
“Won’t you give me a trifle, Dick?  “Well, take that.  “A quarter?  “Yes; it will give you some supper.  “But what shall I do for a bed?  “Go to the station house.
“Very neat! he soliloquized, “but it won’t go down, my cunning friend.  Felix gave a little side glance, seeing what was going on, but immediately stared again in at the window.
It was one of the hardest lessons Alvina had to learn—to bully these people, in their own hovels, into some sort of obedience to her commands, and some sort of respect for her presence.
She would become loose, she would become a prostitute, she said to herself, rather than die off like Cassie Allsop and the rest, wither slowly and ignominiously and hideously on the tree.
Inside the crust at Frank Churchill’s, Knarborough Road, Woodhouse. Round about the name of W. H. Johnson floated a bowler hat, a collar-and-necktie, a pair of braces and an umbrella.
“But of course those that are used to nothing better can’t see anything but what they’re used to, she said, rising and shaking the crumbs from her black silk apron, into the fire.
Then her eyes became sightless with tears, she stooped as if to look at his writing, and quickly kissed his fingers that held the pen, there in the midst of the crowded, vulgar Consulate.
Why how have I missed you?  It was Pancrazio, a smallish, rather battered-looking, shabby Italian of sixty or more, with a big moustache and reddish-rimmed eyes and a deeply-lined face.
She came again to them in the morning, when the sky was grey, and they were closed, sharp clubs, wonderfully fragile on their stems of sap, among leaves and old grass and wild periwinkle.
Part First treats of the influence of rhetoric on the general theory of poetry within the period, and Part Second of its influence on the renaissance formulation of the purpose of poetry.
Thus Sidney's _Defense of Poesie_, by domesticating in England the Aristotelian theories of the Italian critics, went far in displacing mediaeval tradition by sounder classical criticism.
This was the exuberant style of mediaeval rhetoric, whereas by temperament and scholarly training Jonson threw his influence in favor of the classical rhetorical style of the best period.
Although the poet is appointed as a pleader of lovely causes in the ear of princely dames, young ladies, gentlewomen, and courtiers,[407] none the less much poetry has a didactic purpose.
Two hours vanished before our gentlemen zaptiehs condescended to rise from their peaceful slumbers; then a great deal of time was unnecessarily consumed in eating their special breakfast.
During the late visit of the Shah to England certain members of his retinue were so young, both in appearance and conduct, as to be a source of mortification to the Europeanized minister.
As the invited guests of these people on several occasions, we were struck with their extreme cleanliness, economy, and industry; but their deep-set eyes seem to express reckless cruelty.
From here the two natural highways lead, one to the head-waters of the Black Irtish, the other to the passes leading into the Ili valley, and other routes of the Arolo-Caspian depression.
At first his reception was more formal, but his interest soon led him to dispense with all formality, and before the close of the interview the questions were rapidly asked and discussed.
Whether this be so or not, it is certain that the viceroy recognizes the advantages to be derived from foreign methods and inventions, and employs them for the advancement of his country.
Oh, pity me, my Lord, pity my Youth; It is no Beggar, nor one basely born, That I have given my Heart to, but a Maid, Whose Birth, whose Beauty, and whose Education Merits the best of Men.
No, since my Passion thou’st defeated thus, And robb’d me of my long-wish’d Happiness, I’ll make thee know what a wrong’d Maid can do, Divided ‘twixt her Love and Injuries too.
In Act iii, I, she evidently intended Francisco and his party to be seized as they were returning home by sea, at the end of the act she arranges their sea trip as an excursion on a yacht.
To day a Saint, if he but hang a Papist, Peach a true Protestant, your Saint’s turn’d Atheist: And dying Sacraments do less prevail, Than living ones, though took in Lamb’s-Wool-Ale.
| _They’re forc’d to stop, and their own Farces quit, T’admire the Merry-Andrews of the Pit; But if your Mirth so grate the Critick’s ear, Your Love will yet more Harlequin appear.
If there be a Woman in the Case--sure I have not liv’d so bad a Life, to gain the dull Reputation of so modest a Coxcomb, but that a Female might down with me, without all this Ceremony.
No, Sister, no, renounce that Brother’s name, Suffers his Patience to surmount his Flame; I’ll reach the Victor’s heart, and make him see, That Prize he has obtain’d belongs to me.
Why, Sir, you must know,--the Tincture of this Water upon Stagnation ceruleates, and the Crocus upon the Stones flaveces; this he observes --to be, Sir, the Indication of a generous Water.
Shou’d I discover this Rascal, he wou’d tell the old Gentleman I was the same that attempted his House to day in Woman’s Clothes, and I should be kick’d and beaten most insatiably.
I am, however, not entirely satisfied that a speech of Galatea’s has not dropped out here (the first quarto is notoriously careless), and in this case the speech may well be Erminia’s.
You don’t know him very well.  “I ought to, for I have worked for him in the store for a year.  “I didn’t see you in there this evening.  “I left him last Saturday evening.
“I have had many disappointments, and I know that at the best I could never be strong and enjoy life as most of my age do—I am resigned.  “How old are you, Walter? asked Chester.
Let me examine them.  “I am afraid, said the editor, after a brief examination, “that these are not quite what we want.  “Is it possible? exclaimed Mr. Radcliff, indignantly.
As your day’s work is ended, I will consider the errand on which I am sending you extra, and will pay you for it.  The broker handed a half dollar to Felix, which he accepted joyfully.
Fairchild seems a good sort of man, and I’ll do my best to please him.  When Felix was ushered into Chester’s presence the latter was just finishing a comic sketch for _The Phoenix_.
If, during her walk, she saw two little boys having a scrimmage, she had to run to them with pence and entreaty, leaving them dumfounded, whilst she leaned blue at the lips against a wall.
And James, who had tried to rise to another successful sale, saw the streams pass into the other doorway, and heard the heavy feet on the hollow boards of the other shop: his shop no more.
There was a thickness in the air, a sense of dark, fluid presence in the thick atmosphere, the dark, fluid, viscous voice of the collier making a broad-vowelled, clapping sound in her ear.
With all this news he met James—not at the shabby club, but in the deserted reading-room of the so-called Artizans Hall—where never an artizan entered, but only men of James’s class.
Needless to say that, in the morning, when she had thoroughly bathed, and dressed in clean clothes, and put on the white dress, the white apron, and the white cap, she felt another person.
* We will not seek to procure from anyone, either by our own efforts or those of a third party, anything by which any part of these concessions or liberties might be revoked or diminished.
We have also granted to all freemen of our kingdom, for us and our heirs for ever, all the underwritten liberties, to be had and held by them and their heirs, of us and our heirs for ever.
The puritan reaction of the Roman Atticists in the direction of the simplicity of Lysias defeated itself in over emphasis and ended in establishing coldness and aridity as literary ideals.
Quintilian's pleas for the purer taste of a former age fell on deaf ears, and despite his warnings orators imitated the style of the poets, and the poets imitated the style of the orators.
Gregory Smith calls attention to the influence of Sidney and Daniel in establishing the claim of English criticism as an instrument of power outside the craft of rhetoricians and scholars.
As the influence of Aristotle's _Poetics_ spreading through Italy, Germany, France, and England, gave the plot or fable more importance, allegory lost its hold on the minds of the critics.
Although many of the critics of the English renaissance are remarkable for their wisdom and discerning judgments, their writings are far less valuable than those of Longinus and Aristotle.
25-26) misunderstands both his author and his rhetoric when he says, The subject of poetry is fiction, or invention, arrived at by means of that form of the syllogism known as the example.
Native tradition tells us that against this lofty summit the ark of Noah struck in the rising flood; and for this reason Noah cursed it, and prayed that it might ever be covered with snow.
From here we looked down for the first time into the valley of the historic Euphrates, and a few hours later we were skimming over its bottom lands toward the embattled heights of Erzerum.
In order to save time, he said, we might proceed to Meshed at once, and if our permission was not telegraphed to us at that point, we could then turn south to Baluchistan as a last resort.
Throughout our Asiatic tour eggs were our chief means of subsistence, but _pillao_, or boiled rice flavored with grease, we found more particularly used in Persia, like _yaourt_ in Turkey.
In striking contrast is the new Russian cathedral, the recently erected school, and a large retail store built by a resident Greek, all of which are fine specimens of Russian architecture.
Her massage treatment to replace the muscles was really effective, and was accompanied by prayers and by signs of the cross, a common method of treatment among the lower class of Russians.
It was called the “flying machine and “foot-going carriage, while some even took it for the “fire-wheel cart, or locomotive, about which they had heard only the vaguest rumors.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.
Now, _Sham_, art not thou a damn’d lying Rogue, to make me saunter up and down the _Mall_ all this Morning, after a Woman that thou know’st in thy Conscience was not likely to be there?
Yes, for she lov’d him passionately; when I first told her of my Designs to marry ‘em together, she could not hide her Joy; which was one Motive, I urg’d it to him with such Violence.
Yes, yes; I know he does; but I’ll give him to the Devil first.--Troth, Sir, this _Cadiz_ Air does not agree with my fair Lady, she has ventured out but once, and has got an Ague already.
Doctor, for making you wait.--But the business is this, Sir--I have a great mind to lie with this young Gentlewoman to Night, but she swears if I do, the Parson of the Parish shall know it.
_Gallants, our Poets have of late so us’d ye, In Play and Prologue too so much abus’d ye, That should we beg your aids, I justly fear, Ye’re so incens’d you’d hardly lend it here.
yes, Sir, often in Disguise, in several Shapes and Forms, which did of old occasion so many fabulous Tales of all the Shapes of _Jupiter_--but never in their proper Glory, Sir, as Emperors.
The second use in point of time is the Prologue to Settle’s _Pastor Fido_ (1676):--      And when poor Duns, quite weary, will not stay;     The hopeless Squire’s into _Alsatia_ driven.
It commences thus:--      Sawney was tall and of noble race       And lov’d me better than any eane     But now he ligs by another lass       And Sawney will ne’er be my true love agen.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation web page at https://www.pglaf.org.
“Isn’t this something new, he asked, “about you going to New York, I mean?  “Yes, sir; that letter from Mr. Conrad will explain all.  Mr. Gardener read the letter attentively.
Just off First Street, in Portland, Ore., is a saloon, over which appears the name of the proprietor:      “Abner Trimble.  Two rough-looking fellows, smoking pipes, entered the saloon.
Calladine. In her way she was a proud woman, for she was regarded with cordial respect, touched with veneration, by at least a thousand colliers, and by perhaps as many colliers’ wives.
There was a curious pale surface-look in the faces of the young men of Woodhouse: or, if there was some underneath suggestive power, it was a little abject or humiliating, inferior, common.
First was a batch of vermilion strips, with the mystic script, in big black letters: Houghton’s Picture Palace, underneath which, quite small: Opens at Lumley on October 7th, at 6:30 P.M.
There was an outlawed look about them as they swung along the pavement—some of them; and there was a certain lurking set of the head which rather frightened her because it fascinated her.
Very carefully they must practise, and they must find some one who would play the young squaw—for in this scene she had practically nothing to do, the young squaw, but just sit and stand.
Go and ask her.  Alvina was surprised to hear a tap at her door, and Gigi’s voice, in his strong foreign accent:  “Mees Houghton, I carry your bag.  She opened her door in surprise.
Max scrutinized the newspaper, Lloyds, and pointed out items to Louis, who read them over Max’s shoulder, Ciccio suddenly smacked Geoffrey on the thigh, and looked laughing into his face.
Pancrazio stuck a long pointed stick down the handle of a saucepan, and gave this utensil to Ciccio, to hold over the fire and scald the milk, whilst he put the tin coffee-pot in the ashes.
* Any man who so desires may take an oath to obey the commands of the twenty-five barons for the achievement of these ends, and to join with them in assailing us to the utmost of his power.
The Influence of Aristotle   In 1579 the Puritan attack on poetry and the stage began with Gosson's _School of Abuse._[214] and was answered by Lodge's _Defence of Poetry_ in the same year.
Bacon was not concerned with formulating a complete theory of poetry, but his pithy _obiter dicta_ were influential in further establishing the sounder criticism of the Italian classicists.
Our spirit, says one of the characters in the drama, forgetting its own sorrows in sympathizing with the misfortunes of others, receives at the theatre instruction and pleasure at one time.
Logic used the demonstrative syllogism and the scientific induction, rhetoric used the enthymeme or rhetorical syllogism and the example or popular induction, poetic used the example alone.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation web page at https://www.pglaf.org.
Through the efforts of the progressive Vali at Angora, a macadamized road was in the course of construction to this point, a part of which—to the town of Kirshehr—was already completed.
The thermometer dropped at once below freezing-point, and the dense mists, driven against us by the hurricane, formed icicles on our blistered faces, and froze the ink in our fountain-pens.
Both of these dignitaries invited us to visit them, and showed much interest in our “wonderful wind horses, of the speed of which exaggerated reports had circulated through the country.
Even in the cool of evening, it is said that the soles of the wayfarer’s feet become scorched, and the dog accompanying him finds no repose till he has burrowed below the burning surface.
The Chinese are the only people in the Orient, and, so far as we know, in the European and Asiatic continents, who resemble the Americans in their love for a good, substantial morning meal.
Our week’s run to Barkul was made, with a good natural road and favoring conditions, at the rate of fifty-three miles per day, eight miles more than our general average across the empire.
A description of traveling in China would by no means be complete without some mention of the vermin which infest, not only inns and houses, but the persons of nearly all the lower classes.
I wear a Sword, and I dare right my self; And Heaven wou’d pardon it, if I should kill you: But Heav’n forbid I shou’d correct that Law, Which gives you Power, and orders me Obedience.
Come hither, _Frank--Trusty_, haste for Dr. _Tickletext_, my Chaplain’s not in Town; I’ll have them instantly married--Come hither, _Diana_--will you marry your Cousin, _Frank Bellmour_?
The Treatment you this night have given a distressed Maid, enough obliges me; nor need I tell you, I’m nobly born; something about my Dress, my Looks and Mien, will doubtless do me reason.
And I’ll not be that conscientious Fool, To stop at Blessings ‘cause they are not lawful; But take ‘em up, when Heaven has thrown ‘em down, Without the leave of a Religious Ceremony.
I am so guilty in your Opinion, My Prayers wou’d but make you merciless; I only say _Celinda_ is my Wife, And I shou’d injure this too generous Maid, Not to adore her equal to her Merit.
Well, Sir _Timothy_, since my Niece has done amiss, ‘tis too late to mend it--and that you may not repent, I’ll take care her Fortune shall be suitable to the Jointure you’ll make her.
Till Night, no; whate’er it be, I wou’d not be without an Inch of that Ceremony, that may compleat my Honour for the World; no, for Heaven’s sake, let’s retire, and dub me presently.
I must conclude those Women (if there be any such) greater Critics in that sort of Conversation than my self, who find any of that sort in mine, or any thing that can justly be reproach’t.
See, fair Seducer, what thou’st made me do; Look on this bleeding Wound, it reach’d my Heart, To pluck my dear tormenting Image thence, When News arriv’d that thou hadst broke thy Vow.
Run, run, _Scaramouch_, my Master’s conjuring for you like mad below, he calls up all his little Devils with horrid Names, his Microscope, his Horoscope, his Telescope, and all his Scopes.
I have somewhere read an Author, either antient or modern, of a Man that laugh’d to death.--I am very ticklish, and am resolv’d to die that Death.--Oh, _Mopsophil_, my cruel _Mopsophil_!
_For since Love wore his Darts,           And Virgins grew coy;         Since these wounded Hearts,           And those you’d destroy,   There ne’er was more Cause for Triumphs and Joy_.
Stapylton has in Act v of _The Slighted Maid_ (1663) a ‘Song in Dialogue’ between Aurora and Phoebus with a chorus of Cyclops, which met with some terrible parody in _The Rehearsal_ (cf.
6: ‘If the organs of prayer are out of Kelter, or out of time, how can we pray?’ _Dictionary Canting Crew_ (1690), has: ‘Out of Kelter, out of sorts.’ The phrase is by no means rare.
I ain’t had more’n three days off in that time.  “If I had your money, Mr. Tripp, I’d go off and enjoy myself.  “What, and leave the store? said Silas, aghast at the thought.
I feel worried about this matter, for, although it is only ten dollars, that is a good deal to a man with a family, and earning only twelve dollars a week.  Presently Mr. Mullins returned.
“I thought perhaps I could make it pleasant for you.  “If I find I have time I can call at your place of business, said the man from Minneapolis, with a shrewd glance at the gambler.
If, however, you wish to sell, I will myself pay you five hundred dollars each.  “Then I may consider myself worth twenty-five hundred dollars, said Chester, in a tone of satisfaction.
Why, in the name of all prosperity, should every class but the lowest in such a society hang overburdened with Dead Sea fruit of odd women, unmarried, unmarriageable women, called old maids?
Her mother kissed her, and cried, and said, with the selfishness of an invalid:  “I couldn’t have parted with you, I couldn’t. Whilst the father said:  “I think you are wise, Vina.
And when she reminded him of her presence, with her—“Hello, father!—he merely glancied hurriedly at her, as if vexed with her interruption, and said:  “Well, Alvina, you’re back.
He was almost blue in colour—that is, his tattooing was blue, with pickings of brilliant vermilion: as for instance round the nipples, and in a strange red serpent’s-jaws over the navel.
“No _indeed!_ I wouldn’t _think_ of insulting you in the presence of these _two_ young gentlemen.  Ciccio rose slowly, and with a slow, repeated motion of the head, indicated the door.
It taught how to work up a case by drawing valid inferences from sound evidence, how to organize this material in the most persuasive order, how to compose in clear and harmonious sentences.
Aristotle suggests that exaggeration is most appropriate to the style of occasional oratory; for as the facts are taken for granted, it remains only to invest them with grandeur and dignity.
The epideictic orators became less orators and more poets, and the poets cultivated less the characteristic vividness and movement of poetic than those turns of style which began in oratory.
Moral doctrine, he believes accessible in the churches, and against the poets he urges that the evil social environment of the theatre offsets the benefit to be derived even from good plays.
The most striking feature of the missionary work at Kaisarieh is the education of the Armenian women, whose social position seems to be even more degraded than that of their Turkish sisters.
(1) Two of the Armenians who reached the summit with him declared that they had gone to a great height, but at the point where they had left off had seen much higher tops rising around them.
Looking backward, we saw that we were higher than the precipitous cliffs which overtower the town of Bayazid, and which are perhaps from 1500 to 2000 feet above the lowest part of the plain.
From our observations on the previous days, we had decided to strike out on a northeast course, over the gentle slope, until we struck the rocky ridges on the southeast buttress of the dome.
Being unable to pay the high price of pardon that was demanded, he was forced away, a few days before our departure, on that dreaded journey to the capital, which few, if any, ever complete.
This news lifted a heavy load from our minds; our desert journey of six hundred miles, therefore, had not been made in vain, and the prospect brightened for a trip through the heart of Asia.
We had no authorization except the telegram to “come on, received from General Kuropatkine at Askabad, and the verbal permission of Count Rosterzsoff at Samarkand to proceed to Tashkend.
After endeavoring to dissuade us from what he called a foolhardy undertaking, even with the most valuable papers, he sent us, with his interpreter, to the Kuldja Tootai for the proper visé.
‘tis but Custom that makes it honourable to fight Duels--I warrant you the wise _Italian_ thinks himself a Man of Honour; and yet when did you hear of an _Italian_, that ever fought a Duel?
Nay, do’t, and do’t handsomly too, not with a snivelling Countenance, as if you were compell’d to’t; but with the face of Authority, and the awful command of a Husband--or thou dyest.
Meanwhile Sir Feeble being with Leticia is about to enter her bed when from behind the curtains Bellmour appears unmasqued, dressed in a torn and blood-stained shirt and brandishing a dagger.
Another crys, _Why we know not what they mean, when the Man takes a Woman off the Stage, and another is thereby cuckolded_; is that any more than you see in the most Celebrated of your Plays?
Dear me no Dears, Sir, but let me have my Money--Eight Weeks Rent last Friday; besides Taverns, Ale-houses, Chandlers, Landresses’ Scores, and ready Money out of my Purse; you know it, Sir.
_By the Figure which is round,   Your Passion constant and profound;   By the Adamantine Stone,   To be fixt to one alone:    By the Lustre, which is true,   Ne’er to break your sacred Vow.
Ha, ha, ha--this is the oddest Quonudrum--sure he’s mad--and yet now I think on’t, I have not slept to night, nor shall I ever sleep again, till I have found the Villain that robb’d me.
The prince is about to wreak his vengeance on the cruel husband when he is met by Erminia herself, who, owing to her maid’s attentions, has recovered from the swoon Alcippus took for death.
Ralph Simple, Serene’s friend, in a subsequent letter begs that upon the gentleman’s promotion to speaking parts ‘I may succeed him in the Hangings, with my Hand in the Orange-trees’.
It couldn’t have taken you long to draw them.  “Probably half an hour for each one.  “And you received ten dollars each?  “Yes, but don’t gauge such work by the time it takes.
“I can’t afford to trust out any more.  “We don’t owe you anything, do we, Mr. Tripp?  “No; but I thought mebbe——  “I will pay for the articles, said Chester, briefly.
After the artist had left the office, Mr. David Mullins leisurely picked his teeth with his pen-knife, and fixed a scrutinizing glance on Chester, of whom he was evidently taking the measure.
Will that satisfy you?  “I see, and, according to our arrangement, Felix will hand it to me on his way back to the office, and then swear that it was taken from him by some unknown party.
Now I am beginning to need some small articles, such as handkerchiefs and socks.  “I wondered you would never go to supper with me.  “I didn’t want you to know how little I ordered.
Taylor and Pearson are the parties’ names.  “I will go with pleasure.  As they walked through the chief business street Chester noticed with interest evidences of activity everywhere.
“I think, she said, “I will leave the sum of five thousand dollars to charitable purposes as a memorial of Edward.  “I don’t think much of charitable societies, growled Trimble.
She disliked and rather despised James Houghton, saw in him elements of a hypocrite, detested his airy and gracious selfishness, his lack of human feeling, and most of all, his fairy fantasy.
In his world, as in a fish’s, there was but his own swimming self: and if he chanced to have something swimming alongside and doing him credit, why, so much the more complacently he smiled.
The following days she saw Albert, in his Norfolk jacket and flannel trousers and his straw hat, strolling past several times and looking in through the shop door and up at the upper windows.
On the contrary, he was like a dove-grey, disconsolate bird pecking the crumbs of Alvina’s sympathy, and cocking his eye all the time to watch that she did not advance one step towards him.
“He’s sure to have noticed him, because Ciccio’s yellow bicycle is so uncommon.  Mr. May tripped out on this errand, while the others discussed among themselves where Ciccio might be.
Then suddenly she broke out, vicious and cold: “He’ll go on till he’s killed himself, and _then_ he’ll know.  The little adverb _then_ came whistling across the space like a bullet.
But I know something of these Italian men, who are labourers in every country, just labourers and under-men always, always down, down, down— And Madame pressed her spread palms downwards.
Geoffrey spread his rather thick lips in a smile, and jerked his head in the direction of the back door, with a deep, intimate look into Alvina’s eyes, as if to say his friend was lovesick.
We’ll put it in the drawing-room. He carried the shovel of flaming, smoking coals to the other room, and threw them in the grate on the sticks, watching Alvina put on more pieces of coal.
Now— he fell into a whisper—“hadn’t I better sneak out at the front door, and so escape the clutches of the watch-dog?  Out he went, on tip-toe, the other two men grinning at him.
Giuseppe ran alongside, holding Ciccio’s hand still; the women and children were crying and waving their handkerchiefs, the other men were shouting messages, making strange, eager gestures.
In a daze of increasing weariness Alvina watched the dreary, to her sordid-seeming Campagna that skirts the railway, the broken aqueduct trailing in the near distance over the stricken plain.
(29) No constable may compel a knight to pay money for castle-guard if the knight is willing to undertake the guard in person, or with reasonable excuse to supply some other fit man to do it.
* As soon as peace is restored, we will remove from the kingdom all the foreign knights, bowmen, their attendants, and the mercenaries that have come to it, to its harm, with horses and arms.
In fact, Cicero's _De inventione_ is so much like it that some suspect that Cicero's notes which he took in school got into circulation and forced the publication of his professor's lectures.
There are three kinds of proof, says Aristotle in the _Rhetoric_: the character of the speaker, the production of a certain disposition in the audience, and the argument of the speech itself.
We have seen the Turks, when making the mud-straw bricks used in house-building, scratch dirt for the purpose from between the marble slabs and boulders that lay in profusion over the ground.
In the sacred land of Eden, which Armenian legend places at its base, the first of human life was born; and on its solitary peak the last of human life was saved from an all-destroying flood.
“Slowly, slowly, feebly shouted the old gentleman, as we began the attack on its precipitous sides, now stopping to brush away the treacherous snow, or to cut some steps in the solid ice.
Early the next morning we were wading the chilly waters of the Hadji Chai, and a few hours later found us in the English consulate at Tabreez, where we were received by the Persian secretary.
The more intelligent of these conversations were about our own and other countries of the world, especially England and Russia, who, it was rumored, had gone to war on the Afghanistan border.
The viceroy had fixed his gaze intently upon us, and, like a good general perhaps, was taking a thorough survey of the field before he opened up the cannonade of questions that was to follow.
Referring to ourselves in this connection, the viceroy ventured to predict that we might become so well-known as the result of our journey that we could get into office without paying for it.
Bellmour sends word to Celinda, who replies in a heart-broken letter; and at the wedding feast Friendlove, who himself is deeply enamoured of Diana, appears in disguise to observe the traitor.
For cou’d I love thee, cou’d I love again, Our Lives wou’d be but one continu’d Sin: A Sin of that black dye, a Sin so foul, ’.wou’d leave no Hopes of Heav’n for either’s Soul.
To say you’re lovely, by your self I do not, I’m young, and have not much convers’d with Beauty: Yet I’ll esteem my Judgment, since it knows Where my Devotions shou’d be justly paid.
Ladies and Gentlemen, you are very welcome aboard--Come, put off to Sea, Rogues, Scoundrels, Tarpaulins, to your Business, and then, every man his Bottle,--hey, Page, Rogues, where are my Men?
When my_ Alexis _present is,    Then I for_ Damon _sigh and mourn;   But when_ Alexis _I do miss_,    Damon _gains nothing but my Scorn:   And, if it chance they both are by,   For both, alas!
--You everlasting Grievance of the Boxes, You wither’d Ruins of stum’d Wine and Poxes; What strange Green-sickness do you hope in Women Should make ‘em love old Fools in new Point Linen?
Sir Cautious and various guests enter, dice are produced and, luck favouring the gallant, Gayman wins one hundred pounds from the old Banker, and a like sum from several others of the company.
I should not have printed it, but from the resolution I have religiously kept, of restoring every thing that was objected to.’ Imagination and ingenuity fail to fathom the cryptic indecency.
Go, salute her--look how he stands now; what a sneaking thing is a Fellow who has never travel’d and seen the World!--Madam--this is a very honest Friend of mine, for all he looks so simply.
Rise, I forgive thee, from my soul I do; Mayst thou be happier In thy more glorious Passion for the Princess, And all the Joys thou e’er couldst hope from me, Mayst thou find there repeated.
The Epilogue (spoken by Jevon) to Mountfort’s _The Injured Lovers_ (1688), where the actor tells the audience they must be kind to the poet:--      Else to stand by him, every man has swore.
You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.
Something has happened to me to-day that encourages me very much.  “What is it?  Chester told the story of his meeting with Prof. Hazlitt, and the proposition which had been made to him.
interest on this sum would make twenty dollars annually, besides a contingent share in extra profits promised in the circular, and on the whole he thought it would pay him to make the journey.
“More’n five dollars a week?  “Yes; he offers to send me five dollars a week, but I can get along without assistance, since Miss Dolby pays me so liberally.  “Well, I am surprised.
In that case he thinks she     may be induced to make a will leaving her property to Mr. Trimble;     having, as I believe, no near relatives, so that he would seem to     be the natural heir.
You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.
Altogether he looked very spruce, though a _little_ behind the fashions: very pink faced, though his blue eyes were bilious beneath: very much on the spot, although the spot was the wrong one.
Max was circling round with large strides, round a big black box on which the red words Natcha-Kee-Tawara showed mystic, and round the small bunch of stage fittings at the end of the platform.
“The universe is one big machine, and we’re just part of it. She flicked out her grey silk handkerchief, and dabbed her nose, watching with big, black-grey eyes the fresh face of Alvina.
You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.
When a summons has been issued, the business appointed for the day  shall go forward in accordance with the resolution of those present,  even if not all those who were summoned have appeared.
(34) The writ called precipe shall not in future be issued to anyone in respect of any holding of land, if a free man could thereby be deprived of the right of trial in his own lord’s court.
You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.
Again we may conclude that frequenting women in the day time is a shame and a reproach because the only man who does such a thing in the _Iliad_ is that lascivious and adulterous fellow Paris.
You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.
He reached the eastern summit, which is only a few feet lower than the western, and only a few minutes’ walk from it, but was obliged to return at once on account of the threatening weather.
We unfurled upon an alpenstock the small silk American flag that we had brought from home, and for the first time the “stars and stripes was given to the breeze on the Mountain of the Ark.
Carefully peering through the clouds, we managed to follow the trail we had made along the gradually sloping summit, to the head of the great chasm, which now appeared more terrible than ever.
It was not long before one of our party fell into one of these pitfalls up to his shoulders, and floundered about for some time before he could extricate himself from his unexpected snow-bath.
These supplies, however, did not reach us till six weeks after the date of our telegram, to which a prepaid reply was received, after a week’s delay, asking in advance for the extra postage.
On the southern slope of the pass we met with many large caravans of donkeys, dragging down pine-logs to serve as poles in the proposed extension of the telegraph-line from Su-Chou to Urumtsi.
In our answer to this question the reader would no doubt expect us to follow etiquette, and say that we thought China was the best; and, perhaps, the viceroy himself had a similar expectation.
You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when you share it without charge with others.
Shou’d you be telling me a Tale all day, Such as would melt a Heart that ne’er could love, ’.would not increase my Reason for the wish That I had dy’d e’er known you had been married.
Oh, dear Wife, now or never show thy Love, make a damnable face upon the filthy Ravisher,--glout thy Eyes thus--and thrust out thy upper lip, thus.--                 [Guzman _presents_ Jacinta.
I am for the faithless _Julia_ still, the old Alderman’s Wife.--’Twas high time the City should lose their Charter, when their Wives turn honest: But pray, Sir, answer me a Question or two.
We need not this proof to confirm thy Loyalty; Nor am I yet so barren of Rewards, But I can find a way, without depriving Thy noble Head of its victorious Wreaths, To crown another’s Temples.
Erminia_, do not mock my misery, For though you cannot love, yet pity me; That you allow my Passion no return, Is weight enough, you need not add your Scorn, In this your Cruelty is too severe.
Pardon me, Dear, the errors of my Passion; It was a Sin so natural, That even thy unkindly taking it Approach’d too near it, not to gain my Pardon; But tell me why you askt me for _Alcippus_?
I know not what strange power thou bear’st about thee, But at thy sight or touch my Sense forsakes me, And that, withal I had design’d to say, Turns to a strange disorder’d Rapture in me.
_For since Love wore his Darts           And Virgins grew coy;         Since these wounded Hearts,           And those cou’d destroy,   There ne’er was more Cause for your Triumphs and Joy.
The sermons, however, have been continued to the present time and are still preached every Easter Monday and Easter Tuesday before the Lord Mayor and Aldermen, at Christ Church, Newgate Street.
Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
He was not quite sure as to the manner in which the money was to be taken, but guessed at once when he caught sight of Dick Ralston at a little distance with his eyes intently fixed upon Felix.
If Chester’s out of work, I’m ready to take him back into the store.  “I will tell him that when I write.  “Where is he now?  “He’s gone out West.  “He’s made a mistake.
Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
She wanted, she _needed_ to ask of her charge: “Alvina, have you betrayed yourself with any of these young men? But coldly her heart abstained from asking—or even from seriously thinking.
I’m sure I don’t know what your father would say—a common show-fellow, _looks_ what he is—and staying to dinner.  Miss Pinnegar was thoroughly out of temper as she tried the potatoes.
“Stout? he said, in a tone of indignant inquiry: God-Almighty would presumably take on just such a tone, finding the core of an apple flung away among the dead-nettle of paradise: “Stout!
In the shop, which was also a sort of inn, an ancient woman was making coffee over a charcoal brazier, while a crowd of peasants sat at the tables at the back, eating the food they had brought.
Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
Thus to the Greeks and Romans rhetoric was defined by its function of discovering means to persuasion and was taught in the schools as something that every free-born man could and should learn.
Consequently he has a high opinion of the _Cyropaedia_ of Xenophon, the _Arcadia_ of Sir Philip Sidney, and other such poems, as affording many exquisite Types of Perfection for both the Sexes.
Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
He did not regard the undertaking as feasible, and apprehended that, if he should give his official assistance, he would, in a measure, be responsible for the result if it should prove unhappy.
On the whole we found them good-natured and companionable fellows, notwithstanding their interest in _baksheesh_ which we were compelled at last, in self-defense, to fix at one piaster an hour.
The French “Marseillaise, in which the old gentleman heartily joined, echoed and reëchoed among the rocks, and caused the shepherd lads and their flocks to crane their heads in wonderment.
We were surveyed with suspicious glances as soon as we entered the station-house, and when we asked for water to lave our hands and face, we were directed to the irrigating ditch in the street.
But through the kindness of the steamship company it was arranged that we should take a tug-boat at Tong-ku, on the line of the Kai-ping railroad, and overtake the steamer outside the Taku bar.
Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™ License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.
No more, Mistress, than he’ll have on you, if Heaven had so abandon’d you, to put you into his Power--Mercy--quoth ye--no--, no more than his Mistress will have, when all his Money’s gone.
--He now has kindly sent for me to _London_, I fear his Bus’ness-- Yet if you’ll yield to marry me, We’ll keep it secret, till our kinder Stars Have made provision for the blest Discovery.
We take Money to marry our Wives, but very seldom part with ‘em, and by the Bargain get Money--For a Night, say you?--Gad, if I shou’d take the Rogue at his word, ‘twou’d be a pure Jest.
Ay, ay, so it shall go.--_Tell me, said he, can you resign?-- Resign_, ay, what shall rhyme to _Resign?--Tell me, said he_.--                       [_She lays down the Tablets, and walks about_.
_For since Love wore his Darts,           And Virgins grew Coy;         Since these wounded Hearts,           And those cou’d destroy,   There ne’er was more Cause for your Triumphs and Joy.
You are very kind, but I promised mother I wouldn’t smoke.  “Your mother lives in the country, doesn’t she?  “Yes.  “Then she won’t know it.  “That will make no difference.
Now put on your hat and come out with me.  Edward did so, but he was so weak from long fasting that he was obliged to lean upon Chester in walking to the restaurant, which was luckily near by.
It was only that she seemed to weigh what she said, secretly, before she said it, and then she approached as if she would slip it into her hearer’s consciousness without his being aware of it.
If we leave her out of the first chapter of her own story it is because, during the first twenty-five years of her life, she really was left out of count, or so overshadowed as to be negligible.
It ended by Mr. May metamorphizing himself into a pug dog: he said he had got the “costoom in his bag: and doing a lump-of-sugar scene with one of the Baxter Brothers, as a brief first item.
The second half consisted of a comic drama acted by two Baxter Bros., disguised as women, and Miss Poppy disguised as a man—with a couple of locals thrown in to do the guardsman and the Count.
I danced last night with the boys in the theatre in Leek: and tonight I am put to bed in—what is the name of this place, dear?—It seems I don’t remember it.  “Woodhouse, said Alvina.
“Oh no—don’t disturb yourself—  “Yes, I want to take home the things—the kettle for the bronchitis, and those things—  “Oh thank you very much—but don’t trouble yourself.
Down in the darkness into the darkness they rattled, wildly, and without heed, the young driver making strange noises to his dim horse, cracking a whip and asking endless questions of Pancrazio.
As soon as peace is restored, we will banish from the kingdom all foreign born knights, crossbowmen, serjeants, and mercenary soldiers who have come with horses and arms to the kingdom’s hurt.
Thus a rhetorical tradition of classical pedagogy, derived ultimately from Aristotle, and a poetical tradition of later classical drama, derived from Horace, coincide in the English renaissance.
The dinner was one of those incongruous Turkish mixtures of sweet and sour, which was by no means relieved by the harrowing Turkish music which our host ground out from an antiquated hand-organ.
The first camel, with a protesting grunt, began to sidle off, and the broadside movement continued down the line till the whole caravan stood at an angle of about forty-five degrees to the road.
Baggy trousers _à la_ Bloomer, a loose robe skirt opening at the sides, and a voluminous shawl-like girdle around the waist and body, constitute the main features of the Turkish indoor costume.
It was interesting and even amusing to watch the bewildered astonishment that overspread their countenances as we related our experiences along the slope, and then upon the very top, of Ak-Dagh.
Here a company of Persian cavalry was detailed to clear the field for the “wonderful steel horses, which, as was said, had come from the capital in two days, a distance of six hundred miles.
Despite these periodical calamities, Vernoye has had, and is now constructing, under the genius of the French architect, Paul L. Gourdet, some of the finest edifices to be found in central Asia.
Thousands of thumbs were uplifted that afternoon, in praise of the wonderful _twee-tah-cheh_, or two-wheeled carts, as they witnessed our modest attempt at trick riding and special manœuvering.
Our Chinese shoes, also, were constantly slipping off, and as we raised the foot to readjust them, a shout went up from the crowd for what they thought was some fancy touch in the way of riding.
At our request for lodging, he said, “Pardon me, but may I first ask who you are and where you come from? Our unprepossessing appearance was no doubt a sufficient excuse for this precaution.
Take notice I am affronted in your Lodgings--for you, _Bellmour_--You take me for an Ass--therefore meet me to morrow Morning about five, with your Sword in your Hand, behind _Southampton_ House.
Not so; but I confess, _Frank_, unless the Lady be fair, and there be some Love too, ‘tis not altogether so well; therefore I, who am still busy for thy good, have fix’d upon a Lady--  _Bel_.
Peace, I say--thou damnable Tormentor, this is the Doctrine you preach to your Mistress, but you shall do’t it private, for I’m resolv’d to lock ye both up, and carry the Keys in my Pocket.
E’en Love to sweet Life; and I shall think my self ever obliged to my dear Wife, for this kind Reprieve;--had she been cruel, I had been strangled, or hung in the Air like our Prophet’s Tomb.
Most reverend Sir, we, from the upper World, thus low salute you--_Keplair_ and _Galileus_ we are call’d, sent as Interpreters to Great _Iredonozor_, the Emperor of the Moon, who is descending.
But after the Restoration the Jig assumed a new and more serious complexion, and came eventually to be dovetailed with the play itself, instead of being given at the fag end of the entertainment.
The fee is      owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he      has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the      Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
Abel Wood is every mite as big and strong as you are, and he come round last evenin’ and said he’d work for two dollars and a quarter a week.  “I couldn’t work for that, said Chester.
It was always supposed that she had some money—probably from two to three thousand dollars—but when uncle Silas rendered in his account it had dwindled to one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
I should think you would find it very precarious.  “I expect to work in a real estate office at five dollars a week, and only to spend my leisure hours in art work.  “That seems sensible.
I only wish Mr. Fairchild were here.  “All right, sir, said the detective, “I will comply with your request.  He left the office, but it is needless to say that he didn’t go far away.
His work-girls, a race even more callous than shop-girls, proclaimed the fact that James tried on his own inventions upon his own elegant thin person, before the privacy of his own cheval mirror.
But he had escaped, and for almost three years had lain obscurely in port, like a frail and finished bark, selling the last of his bits and bobs, and making little splashes in warehouse-oddments.
Two days late already, and then _tomorrow!_ Well I hope by tomorrow you mean _Wednesday_, and not tomorrow’s tomorrow, or some other absurd and fanciful date that you’ve just _thought about_.
But do you mean to say that these collier louts and factory girls are jealous of the things the artistes do, because they could never do them themselves?  “I’m sure they are, said Alvina.
But suddenly Mrs. Tuke became quite still, and sat with her fists clenched on her knees, her two jet-black plaits dropping on either side of her ivory face, her big eyes fixed staring into space.
His cousin kept a restaurant in Battersea, and was a flourishing London Italian, a real London product with all the good English virtues of cleanliness and honesty added to an Italian shrewdness.
Ciccio at her side was as nothing, as spell-bound she watched, away off, behind all the sunshine and the sea, the grey, snow-streaked substance of England slowly receding and sinking, submerging.
﻿The Project Gutenberg EBook of Rhetoric and Poetry in the Renaissance by Donald Lemen Clark  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.
The fact that in modern times drama as well as epic and romantic fiction is usually composed in prose has made some critics dissatisfied with what to them seems to be an unsatisfactory criterion.
If human beings did not possess that tendency to feel within themselves the emotions of the people on the stage, they would be unable to experience vicariously the fear animating the tragic hero.
That rhetoric is not thus made synonymous with poetic is due to the fact that in rhetoric the images exist to illuminate the concept, while in poetic they are woven into the movement of the plot.
On this account the earliest lessons which the citizens   of Greece convey to their children are from the poets; certainly not for   the purpose of amusing their minds, but for their instruction.
In this dignified and vigorous pamphlet, written about 1583, and published in 1595, Sidney presents the best and most consistent argument for the moral purpose of poetry that appeared in England.
Sidney says that the poets imitate both to _delight_ and _teach_, and delight to _move_ men to take the goodnes in hande ... and _teach_, to make them know that goodnes whereunto they are mooved.
He pleases not for the sake of giving pleasure, but for the sake of winning his readers so that he may better attain his real object of teaching morality and moving men to action in its practice.
The fee is      owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he      has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the      Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
This strengthened the Armenian belief in the inaccessibility of Ararat, which was not dissipated when the Russian military engineer, General Chodzko, and an English party made the ascent in 1856.
Our sojourn here was prolonged for more than a month by a slight attack of typhoid fever, which this time seized Sachtleben, and again the kind nursing of the missionary ladies hastened recovery.
A few days later we were rolling up the valley of the Ili, having crossed that river by the well-constructed Russian bridge at Fort Iliysk, the head of navigation for the boats from Lake Balkash.
In the interior of China there is no coin except the _chen_, or _sapeks_, an alloy of copper and tin, in the form of a disk, having a hole in the center by which the coins may be strung together.
But just at that moment we perceived, approaching from the distance, what we took to be a mounted Chinese mandarin, and his servant leading behind him two richly caparisoned and riderless horses.
I just got the news five minutes ago that you were at Kiayu-kuan, and immediately came out with these two horses to bring you across the river, which I feared would be too deep and swift for you.
Nor had we ever shown the slightest resentment at being called “foreign devils; for this, we learned, was, with the younger generation at least, the only title by which foreigners were known.
In the middle of the floor stood a circular sofa of the latest pattern, with chairs and settees to match, and at one end a foreign stove, in which a fire had been recently lighted for our coming.
We have had some experience with examining attorneys, and an extended acquaintance with the American reporter; but we are convinced that for genuine inquisitiveness Li-Hung-Chang stands peerless.
I’ve no Deformity about my Person; I’m young, and have a Fortune great as any That do pretend to serve you; And yet I find my Interest in your Heart, Below those happy ones that are my Rivals.
Oh, hold, hold, my noble Son-in-law, he shall do any thing;-- dear _Antonio_, consider, I was never Father to a Lord all days of my Life before:--my Lord, be pacified, my Daughter shall be a Lady.
barbarous honest Woman,--to your Chamber, Sir,--wou’d I had married thee an errant Strumpet; nay, to your Royal Bed, Sir, I’ll warrant you she gives you taunt for taunt: try her, Sir, try her.
She lov’d me too, yes, and repaid my flame, As kindly as I sacrific’d to her: The first salute we gave were harmless Love, Our Souls then met, and so grew up together, Like sympathizing Twins.
--’Twas I that murder’d her-- Thou lyest--thou durst as well be damn’d as touch her, She was all sacred; and that impious Hand That had profanely touch’d her, Had wither’d from the Body.
My King already has forgiven that Error, And now I come to make my Peace with thee, And that I may with greatest speed obtain it, --To you, Sir, I resign her with as much Joy,    [_To the Prince_.
He is cast for such rôles as Tom Faithfull in Revet’s _The Town Shifts_ (April, 1671); Eumenes in Edward Howard’s _The Woman’s Conquest_ (1671); and Battista in Crowne’s _Juliana_ (1671).
I’m a leetle ’forehanded, that’s all.  “I’ve heard people say you could afford to give up work and live on the interest of your money.  Silas Tripp held up his hands as if astounded.
I will tell her your terms are eight dollars a week including washing.  “But will she be willing to pay so much?  “She pays twelve dollars a week in the city, and could afford to pay more.
You will see that I have reason to feel anxious.  The letter ran as follows:      “DEAR EDWARD: I promised to send you any news I might pick up about     your mother and her promising husband.
What do you think of it?  “Well, said James, “I am only in the beginning.  “I think it’s interesting, myself, said Albert, “as a study of a man who can’t get away from himself.
And if we were dealing with an ordinary girl we should have to carry on mildly and dully down the long years of employment; or, at the best, marriage with some dull school-teacher or office-clerk.
“We can see what Wright’s are doing—and Jordan’s—and we can go to Hathersedge and Knarborough and Alfreton—beforehand, that is—  “Why certainly—if you think it’s _necessary_.
He never let Alvina take any part in the making of these arrangements, except with the widow in Woodhouse, who had long ago been a servant at Manchester House, and even now came in to do cleaning.
Alvina wrapped the poor patient in the hot blankets, got a few spoonfuls of hot gruel and whiskey down her throat, fastened her down in bed, lowered the light and banished the men from the stairs.
Then she enamelled the hall-furniture yellow, and decorated it with curious green and lavender lines and flowers, and had unearthly cushions and Sardinian pottery with unspeakable peaked griffins.
And everywhere was snow—deep, white, wonderful snow, beautiful and fresh, glistening in the afternoon light all down the mountain slopes, on the railway track, almost seeming to touch the train.
As long as _they_ like.  And Alvina could feel waves of black envy go out against Pancrazio, because she was domiciled with him, and because she sat with him in the flat cart, driving to Ossona.
One batch of young men left the village—and there was a lugubrious sort of saturnalia, men and women alike got rather drunk, the young men left amid howls of lamentation and shrieks of distress.
As soon as peace is restored, we will banish from the kingdom all foreign-born knights, cross-bowmen, serjeants, and mercenary soldiers, who have come with horses and arms to the kingdom’s hurt.
Of the 108 seven-line stanzas which Hawes devotes to rhetoric, 20 praise the poets; 7 define rhetoric; 13 explain _inventio_; 12, _dispositio_; 40, _elocutio_; 8, _pronuntiatio_; and 8, _memoria_.
This same carrying over of the content of classical rhetoric into logic is further illustrated by Abraham Fraunce, who divides his _Lawiers Logic_ (1588) into two parts: invention and disposition.
Rhetorical Elements   This tendency to follow Aristotle in allowing that the vehicle of verse was not characteristic of poetry tended to preclude any vital distinction between rhetoric and poetic.
He spent   once a groate at good ale, being forced through companie, and taken   short at his words, whereupon he hath taken such conceipt since that   time, that it hath almost cost him his life.
The moralists, especially the Stoics, when confronted with traditional poetry whose literal significance was immoral, leaned toward allegorical interpretations which brought out a kernel of truth.
A mere concern with rhythm and the composition of sentences profits nothing, for what is the use of painting and decorating a ship if it is going to be swamped in the storm and never come to port?
But Mr. James Bryce, who made the last ascent, in 1876, seems to think that there is no sufficient reason why craters could not have previously existed, and been filled up by their own irruptions.
By the light of the glowing embers we could watch the faces about us, and catch their horrified glances when reference was made to our intended ascent of Ak-Dagh, the mysterious abode of the jinn.
On this stage we started August 15, stopping the first night at Turkmanchai, the little village where was signed the famous treaty of 1828 by virtue of which the Caspian Sea became a Russian lake.
When the feast was ended, the beards were again stroked, the name of Allah solemnly uttered by way of thanks for the bounty of heaven, and then each gave utterance to his appreciation of the meal.
and those pursu’d like guilty me By rigid Laws, which put no difference ’.wixt fairly killing in my own Defence, And Murders bred by drunken Arguments, Whores, or the mean Revenges of a Coward.
And baffle breaking Day,   Shew the adoring World thy Eyes     Are more surprizing gay;    The Gods of Love are smiling round,     And lead the Bridegroom on,   And_ Hymen _has the Altar crown’d.
I saw her every day; and every day she paid the Tribute of a shower of Tears, to the dear Lord of all her Vows, young _Bellmour_: Till faith at last, for Reasons manifold, I slackt my daily Visits.
How, what’s here?--my Lady with the Spark that courted her last Night?--hum--with her again so soon?--Well, this Impudence and Importunity undoes more City-Wives than all their unmerciful Finery.
To Salisbury Court we’ll hurry you next week     Where not for whores, but coaches you may seek;     And more to plague you, there shall be no Play,     But the Emperor of the Moon for every day.
*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CHESTER RAND ***     [Illustration: CHESTER RAND                 HORATIO ALGER Jr.]     CHESTER RAND  OR  THE NEW PATH TO FORTUNE     BY  HORATIO ALGER, Jr.
A willing hand will generally find work to do.  “How are you off for wood, mother?  “There is some left, Chester.  “I’ll go out in the yard and work at the wood pile till dinner time.
Of course you’ve heard of the rivalry between Minneapolis and St. Paul.  “Yes, sir.  “I don’t take sides, for I live in both, but I think business facilities in Minneapolis are greater.
“He lay in wait for the office boy, and on his return from the bank robbed him of a large sum of money which he had just drawn out.  “Who are you? demanded Ralston, trying to brazen it out.
If you need two or three hundred dollars I will loan it to you cheerfully.  “Thank you very much, but I have more money saved up than I shall require.  “I see you are careful and provident.
She felt her trunk rumble on the top of the cab, and still she looked out on the ghastly dilapidated flat facades of Islington, and still she smiled brightly, as if there were some charm in it all.
Something for ever unknowable and inadmissible, something that belonged purely to the underground: to the slaves who work underground: knowledge humiliated, subjected, but ponderous and inevitable.
“Lottie wanted to know if you’d come to tea tomorrow, he said straight out, looking at her with the pale light in his eyes, that smiled palely right into her eyes, but did not see her at all.
The building—it is a frame-section travelling theatre—will arrive on Thursday—next Thursday.  “But who is in with you, father?  “I am quite alone—quite alone, said James Houghton.
I’m not an expert pianist—but I can play a little, you know— And he trilled his fingers up and down an imaginary keyboard in front of Alvina, cocking his eye at her smiling a little archly.
She wasn’t intended to attract attention to herself. Miss Pinnegar actually walked down the hill with her, and began to cry when she saw the ox-blood red erection, with its gas-flares in front.
Every minute of these weeks was a horror to her: the sense of the low-down dogs of detectives hanging round, sliding behind them, trying to get hold of some clear proof of immorality on their part.
At last, after about half an hour, the youth who was conductor of the omnibus came running down the wild side-road, everybody clambered in, and away the vehicle charged, into the neck of the plain.
At Pescocalascio it was the mysterious influence of the mountains and valleys themselves which seemed always to be annihilating the Englishwoman: nay, not only her, but the very natives themselves.
Quintilian comments on this; for it seems to aim almost exclusively at gratifying its hearers,[53] in this respect resembling poetry, which to Quintilian, seems to have no visible aim but pleasure.
Not only did poetry and oratory suffer from the same bad taste in straining for brilliance of style, but in practice, as Bornecque has shown, both poetry and oratory suffered for lack of structure.
The surprising thing is, however, with all the editions and translations of Aristotle which were available, that the _Rhetoric_ of Aristotle had so slight an influence on English rhetorical theory.
Moreover, as Spingarn has pointed out, there was a tendency in the renaissance for the classical theories of poetry to be accepted as rules which must be followed by those who would compose poetry.
Again they pointed ahead, and shouted, “Bin! Finally an old man led us to what seemed to be a private residence, where we had to drag our bicycles up a dark narrow stairway to the second story.
Of the Caucasus, the mountains about Erzerum on the west, and Lake Van on the south, and even of the Caspian Sea, all of which are said to be in Ararat’s horizon, we could see absolutely nothing.
At first the strong head wind, which on the top almost took us off our feet, somewhat checked our downward career, but it was not long before we attained a velocity that made our hair stand on end.
The Russians, they assured us, would never permit a foreign inspection of their doings on the Afghan border; and furthermore, we would never be able to cross the uninhabited deserts of Baluchistan.
In this line of duty the lama was no doubt engaged when we walked into his feebly-lighted room, but, like all Orientals, he would let nothing interfere with the performance of his religious duties.
The following typographical errors have been corrected:        page 82, period changed to comma (after “was)       page 140, “Siberan changed to “Siberian  Inconsistent hyphenation (_e.
A little room for Life--but such a Life As Hell it self shall wonder at--I’ll have a care To do no one good deed in the whole course on’t, Lest that shou’d save my Soul in spite of Vow-breach.
I’m not mad, no, nor no more bewitcht than I have been these forty years; ‘tis you’re bewitcht to refuse so handsom, so young, and so--a Pox on him, she’ll ne’er relish me again after him.
With regard to the reception of _The School for Greybeards_ ‘the audience took needless offence at a scene in the 4th act, and an unfortunate expression in Young Bannister’s part [Don Sebastian.
And to fortifie their Detraction, charge me with all the Plays that have ever been offensive; though I wish with all their Faults I had been the Author of some of those they have honour’d me with.
In that of fighting, Madam; You would have call’d to mind that antient story Of the stout Giants that wag’d War with Heaven; Just so I fought, and for as glorious prize, Your excellent Ladiship.
You were not wont to counsel thus amiss, ’.is either Disrespect or some Design; I could be wondrous angry with thee now, But that my Grief has such possession here, ’.will make no room for Rage.
Arlequin Empereur dans la Lune_ had been published in its entirety eleven years previously (1684), but it was sufficiently popular for Gherardi to include various scenes therefrom in his collection.
Work as if you had nothing to look forward to.  “You don’t want to take me into your office and make a lawyer of me, Mr. Gardener, do you?  “Law in Wyncombe does not offer any inducements.
Will you come in, or shall I give him your message?  “Perhaps I had better see him, if it won’t inconvenience you.  “Oh, no, if you will excuse my poor rooms, said Mrs. Long, pleasantly.
How she can prefer such a man as Abner Trimble to her own son I can’t understand.  About ten o’clock the two boys left Mr. Wilson, who had been going about all day and showed signs of fatigue.
Of course you know that I have no wish to injure him.  “He is somewhere in Oregon, or perhaps in Washington Territory.  Washington had not at that time been advanced to the dignity of a State.
He had never been able to understand the secret of Chester’s success, but has been heard to remark: “It does beat all how that boy gets along!  Fortunately, prosperity has not spoiled Chester.
But Miss Pinnegar chased him forth, like the stealthy cat she was, chased him up to the work-room to consider some detail of work, chased him into the shop to turn over the old débris of the stock.
Really an odd fish: quite interesting, if one could get over the feeling that one was looking at him through the glass wall of an aquarium: that most horrifying of all boundaries between two worlds.
Poor James had to run round, down Knarborough Road, and down Wellington Street as far as the Livery Stable, then down long narrow passages, before he could get into his own house, from his own shop.
And then a confusion indescribable, of porters and masses of luggage, the unspeakable crush and crowd at the customs barriers, the more intense crowd through the passport office, all like a madness.
It turned out quite a good job—a pleasant room with two windows, that would have all the sun in the afternoon, and would see the mountains on one hand, the far-off village perched up on the other.
Bald narrative can never realize character or situation as can the dramatic form, either in narrative or for the stage, when the whole action takes place before the mind's eye instead of being told.
At most it may have four: the _ex ordium_, or introduction; the _narratio_, or statement of facts; the _confirmatio_, or proof proper, both direct and refutative; and the _peroratio_, or conclusion.
Whether or not this difference was caused by lack of discrimination on the part of Cicero, his position was at least in line with a tendency which in later criticism received increasing development.
Consequently poetry has the power of harming the good, for a good man will be in raptures at the excellences of the poet who stirs his feelings most by representing a hero in an emotional condition.
It was through one of these that our only route to the khan lay—and yet we felt that in such contracted quarters, and in such an excited mob as had gathered around us, disaster was sure to follow.
To the eye Ararat presents a gently inclined slope of sand and ashes rising into a belt of green, another zone of black volcanic rocks streaked with snow-beds, and then a glittering crest of silver.
At our feet lay the Turco-Persian battle-plains of Chaldiran, spreading like a desert expanse to the parched barren hills beyond, and dotted here and there with clumps of trees in the village oases.
The occupant of this peculiar conveyance remained concealed throughout the stampede which our sudden appearance occasioned among his hearse-bearing mules, for as such they will appear in the sequel.
Even the little moisture that obtains beneath the surface is sapped by the _kanots_, or underground canals, which bring to the fevered lips of the desert oases the fresh, cool springs of the Elburz.
Around us were piles of little stones, to which each pious pilgrim adds his quota when first he sees the “Holy Shrine, which we beheld shining like a ball of fire in the glow of the setting sun.
Overtaking a Cossack courier in the early part of a day’s journey, he became so interested in the velocipede, as the Russians call the bicycle, that he determined to see as much of it as possible.
Our garments were minutely scrutinized, especially the buttons, while our caps and dark-colored spectacles were taken from our heads, and passed round for each to try on in turn, amid much laughter.
Our Chinese visiting-cards—with the Chinese the great insignia of rank—were now returned for those sent with the presents, and the hour appointed for the exhibition of our bicycles as requested.
We were so absorbed in this romantic history that we scarcely noticed the crowds that lined the streets leading to the Ling Darin’s palace, until the boom of a cannon recalled us to our situation.
It was on the evening of November 3, that the giant walls of the great “Residence, as the people call their imperial capital, broke suddenly into view through a vista in the surrounding foliage.
The fee is owed to       the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has agreed to       donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project Gutenberg       Literary Archive Foundation.
Why, by the same Chance, that yours was like his--I suppose sending to the Play-house for them, as we did, they happened to send him such another Habit, for they have many such for dancing Shepherds.
Now is this Fellow so afraid of being made a Cuckold that he fears his own Shadow, and dares not go into his Wife’s Chamber if the Sun do but shine into the room--                            [_Ex_.
Wise young Men, Sir _Cautious_; but wise old Men must nick their Inclinations; for it is not as ‘twas wont to be, for it is not as ’.was wont to be--                       [_Singing and Dancing_.
No more dissembling, I know your Land is gone --I know each Circumstance of all your Wants; Therefore--as e’er you hope that I should love you ever-- Tell me--where ‘twas you got this Jewel, Sir.
_Bel_.--He’s gone, and lock’d himself into his Chamber-- And now, my dear _Leticia_, let us fly--    _Despair till now did my wild Heart invade,   But pitying Love has the rough Storm allay’d_.
All that I have is so intirely thine, And such a Captive thou hast made my Will, Thou needst not be at the expence of wishing For what thou canst desire that I may grant; Why are thy Eyes declin’d?
Why, Madam, there is a certain cordial Balsam, call’d a Fair Lady; which outwardly applied to his Bosom, will prove a better cure than all your Weapon or sympathetick Powder, meaning your Ladyship.
II, where it must be confessed that, in spite of her protestation, Mrs. Behn gives the stage direction--Sir Feeble ‘throws open his Gown, they run all away, he locks the Door.’  p. 186 _Oedipus_.
There is, however, considerable evidence that at this period of strife--religious and political, rebellion and revolt --things theatrical were very badly affected, and the play-house poorly attended.
II, p. 32: ‘those great cannions wherein the legs look as tho’ they were in the stocks.’      Ces grands cannons où, comme en des entraves,     On met tous les matins ses deux jambes esclaves.
“Yes; here is a sketch in _Judge_, and another in _Life_, which I furnished.  “And do you get good pay for them?  “I received ten dollars for each.  Chester’s eyes opened with surprise.
I didn’t get much for it—only three dollars, but it would be as easy for me to take the church and move it across the street as to redeem it.  “You appear to have been unfortunate.  “Yes.
Your mother must be a good manager.  “Yes, Mr. Tripp, she is.  “You’d orter come back to work for me, Chester.  “But you have got a boy already.  “The Wood boy ain’t worth shucks.
I shall subscribe to _The Phoenix_ before I go back to my Western home.  “I am afraid, sir, it will be too light to suit your taste.  “My dear young friend, don’t suppose I am always grave.
I will not come to the office again.  “Then good luck and a pleasant journey.  When Edward Granger came into his room later in the day, Chester said: “Day after to-morrow we start for Oregon.
Where did you come from?  “From Buffalo.  “When did you last see your ticket?  “I stopped over one night in Bismarck, and had to share my room with a young man, for the hotel was crowded.
You must require such a user to return or destroy all   copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue   all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm   works.
She had her lessons from her beloved governess, she worked at the piano, she took her walks, and for social life she went to the Congregational Chapel, and to the functions connected with the chapel.
She grew up a slim girl, rather distinguished in appearance, with a slender face, a fine, slightly arched nose, and beautiful grey-blue eyes over which the lids tilted with a very odd, sardonic tilt.
They found out that the woman was a Lumley woman, that she had two children, that the negro was a most quiet and respectable chap, but that the family kept to itself, and didn’t mix up with Lumley.
But one of the young men, the German Swiss, was a famous yodeller, and another, the French Swiss, was a good comic with a French accent, whilst Madame and the German did a screaming two-person farce.
Just a little remembrance of our troublesome visit to Woodhouse.  She presented Alvina with a pair of exquisite bead moccasins, woven in a weird, lovely pattern, with soft deerskin soles and sides.
So she showed the Italian into the sombre drawing-room, with its high black bookshelves with rows and rows of calf-bound volumes, its old red and flowered carpet, its grand piano littered with music.
The slippers were from Kishwégin, the gloves from Mondagua, the carnations from Atonquois, the violets from Walgatchka—all _To the Daughter of the Tawaras, Allaye_, as it said on the little cards.
“Do you know, said Ciccio in French to Geoffrey, “what a fine house this is?  “No, said Geoffrey, rolling his large eyes round the room, and speaking with his cheek stuffed out with food.
You must require such a user to return or destroy all   copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue   all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm   works.
No freeman shall be taken or imprisoned or disseised or exiled or in anyway destroyed, nor will we go upon him nor send upon him, except by the lawful judgment of his peers or by the law of the land.
You must require such a user to return or destroy all   copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue   all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm   works.
Although Aristotle devoted relatively little space to the rhetorical figures, later treatises emphasized them more and more until in post-classical and in mediaeval rhetoric little else is discussed.
The fustian which passed for poetry and equally well for history is well illustrated by the contempt of the hard-headed Lucian for those historians who were unable to distinguish history from poetry.
Consequently, in a work which he significantly entitles _De inventione dialectica_, he defines logic as the art of speaking in a probable manner concerning any topic which can be treated in a speech.
Carefully preserved among the figures of rhetoric, it had survived the middle ages, and appears in Wilson's _Arte of Rhetoric_ as an evident declaration of a thing, as though we saw it even now done.
First come the figures _auricular_ peculiar to the poets, then the figures _sensable_ common to the poets and the rhetoricians, and finally the figures _sententious_ appropriate to the orators alone.
The best modern critics have studied and understood the classical treatises on poetic and have consequently avoided the confusion between rhetoric and poetic into which many renaissance critics fell.
Our first view of Sivas was obtained from the top of Mount Yildiz, on which still stands the ruined castle of Mithridates, the Pontine monarch, whom Lucullus many times defeated, but never conquered.
Down we plunged above our knees through the yielding surface, and staggered and fell with failing strength; then rose once more and plodded on, until at last we sank exhausted upon the top of Ararat.
The milkmaids as they went out to the rows of sheep and goats tied to the lines of woolen rope, and the horsemen with reinless horses to drive in the ranging herds, spread the news from tent to tent.
The only hope of its persistent residents is a branch from the Transsiberian or Transcaspian railroad, or the reannexation by Russia of the fertile province of Ili, to make it an indispensable depot.
A few minutes later we dashed through the arched driveway of the Chinese custom-house, and were several yards away before the lounging officials realized what it was that flitted across their vision.
Not by one, Sir, but by a great many; this was a Cheesemonger --they fell out over a Bottle of Brandy, went to Snicker Snee; Mr. _Bellmour_ cut his Throat, and was hang’d for’t, that’s all, Sir.
_Alcander_, I have none of all these Charms: But well, you say you love me; could you be Content to dismiss these petty sharers in your Heart, And give it all to me; on these conditions I may do much.
Tillotson, _Sermons_, xiv (1671-94): ’.veryman ought to be stedfast ... and not suffer himself to be whiffled ... by an insignificant noise.’ 1724 mistakenly reads ‘whistling’ in this passage.
There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
He called here, I believe, one day last week.  “Oh, yes and a good friend he was to me and mine.  “In what way? asked Felix, his face lighting with satisfaction at the discovery he had made.
“Well, it’s no worse for being a poorhouse, is it?  “But is it right for me to live there when you are rich and prosperous?  “How do you know I am rich and prosperous?  “By your dress.
I want you to go up to the house again, to see my wife.  “About the old matter?  “Yes; she isn’t quite satisfied about the kid’s death, and she won’t make a will in my favor till she is.
“I would prefer to have it expressed in this way.  “I am sure, continued Trimble, annoyed, “that Mr. Coleman will consider it unnecessary.  “I see no objections to it, said the lawyer.
There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
It began with Kishwégin alone at the door of the wigwam, cooking, listening, giving an occasional push to the hanging cradle, and, if only Madame were taking the part, crooning an Indian cradle-song.
Cumbers is right enough: fresh from market this morning.  “Fresh or not fresh, said the doctor, mouthing his words distinctly, “you might as well put poison into your stomach, as those things.
And they’ll do themselves harm one way or another.  “And you wouldn’t try to prevent it?  “You might as well try to stop the sea with your fingers.  “You think so? smiled the doctor.
“It’s you I _am_ wondering about.  “Well, he said, rather pleased with himself, “you wonder about me till you’ve made up your mind—  “I will— she said, seizing the opportunity.
So Pancrazio ate a dozen spoonfuls, and handed the bowl to Giovanni—who protested and tried to refuse—but accepted, and ate ten spoonfuls, then handed the bowl back to his brother, with the spoon.
There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
When the heir comes of age, he shall restore the whole land to him, stocked with plough teams and such implements of husbandry as the season demands and the revenues from the land can reasonably bear.
* If we have deprived or dispossessed any Welshmen of lands, liberties, or anything else in England or in Wales, without the lawful judgement of their equals, these are at once to be returned to them.
No constable or other bailiff of ours shall take corn or other provisions from anyone without immediately tendering money therefor, unless he can have postponement thereof by permission of the seller.
No freemen shall be taken or imprisoned or disseised or exiled or in any way destroyed, nor will we go upon him nor send upon him, except by the lawful judgment of his peers or by the law of the land.
There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
She pretends to understand him, but when he asks her what rhetoric is,    Rethoryke, she sayde, was founde by reason   Man for to governe wel and prudently;   His wordes to ordre his speche to purify.
But with all the changes which were worked in the literary criticism of the renaissance by the recovery of Aristotle's _Poetics_, renaissance theories of poetry were nevertheless tinged with rhetoric.
For, to worke a comedie kindly, grave olde men should instruct, yonge men should showe the imperfections of youth, Strumpets should be lascivious, Boyes unhappy, and Clownes should speake disorderlye.
But Wilson wrote a very good rhetoric with no books before him but Quintilian, Cicero and the rhetoric _Ad Herennium_, which he thought to be Cicero's, Erasmus, Plutarch _De audiendis poetis_, and St.
There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
We were ushered into the _selamlük_, or guest apartment, in company with an Armenian friend who had been educated as a doctor in America, and who had consented to act as interpreter for the occasion.
On the morrow we were sitting in our small dingy room after dinner, when a cavalcade hastened up to our inn, and a few minutes later we were surprised to hear ourselves addressed in our native tongue.
Strains of music from a Russian band stole faintly up through the darkness as we dismounted, and contemplated the strange scene, until the shriek of a locomotive-whistle startled us from our reveries.
These are the people who were introduced by the Manchus to replace the Kalmucks in the Kuldja district, and who in 1869 so terribly avenged upon their masters the blood they previously caused to flow.
On all sides are canals that have become swamps, abandoned fields, wasted forests, and towns and villages in ruins, in some of which the ground is still strewn with the bleached bones of the murdered.
In addition to the high mean elevation of the Gobi, about four thousand feet, we had cloudy weather for a considerable portion of the journey, and, in the Kan-su district, even a heavy thunder-shower.
In view of what was before us, we could not but smile as we thought of that French abbé who undertook, in an elaborate volume, to prove that the “Great Wall of China was nothing more than a myth.
There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™ electronic works.
Why, ‘faith, _Ned_, thou art i’th’ right; I love to buy my Pleasure: for, by Fortune, there’s as much pleasure in Vanity and Variety, as any Sins I know; What think’st thou, _Ned?_  _Friend_.
Ay, but you know the Lord _Plotwell_ has the Possession of all his Estate, and if he marry without his liking, has Power to take away all his Fortune, and then I think it were not so good marrying him.
Lady Fulbank, who is present, greets Gayman and asks him to give her an assignation in the garden, but he excuses himself in order to keep his prior appointment, and she leaves him in dissembled anger.
For, Sir, upon the Infusion, the Crows Head immediately procures the Seal of _Hermes_; and had not _Lac Virginis_ been too soon suck’d up, I believe we might have seen the Consummation of _Amalgama_.
In _Sir Patient Fancy_ (1678), Lady Knowell’s late husband, a rank Puritan, is said to have been ‘a great Ay and No Man i’th’ City, and a painful promoter of the good Cause.’  p. 109 _Twins_.
The scene of the first Act of Otway’s _The Soldier’s Fortune_ (1681) is laid in the Mall, and gives a vivid picture of the motley and not over respectable company that was wont to foregather there.
Dorset, lampooning Edward Howard, has the following lines:                                 Whence     Does all this mighty mass of dullness spring,     Which in such loads thou to the stage dost bring?
I like to draw, myself.  “I will see what you can do this evening; that is, if you accept my cousin’s invitation.  Before the walk was over Chester had become much interested in his new friend.
Perkins, said Mullins, “allow me to introduce my friend, Mr. Ralston.  “Glad to meet you, Mr. Ralston, said the man from Minneapolis, extending his hand, which Dick seized and pressed warmly.
I care very little what becomes of the property now my boy is no more.  Mr. Trimble went downstairs, and returned with a very respectable-looking man of middle age, whom he introduced as Mr. Coleman.
And when the bear was supposed to have crushed him, and he was to have fallen, he reeled out of the bear’s arms and said to Madame, in his derisive voice:  “Vivo sempre, Madame. And then he fell.
But if I don’t— her hand suddenly gripped Miss Pinnegar’s heavy arm till it hurt—“I wouldn’t lose a minute of him, no, not for anything would I.  Poor Miss Pinnegar dwindled, convinced.
He did not take her hand, but looked down into her face with the same slightly distorted look of overwhelming yearning, yearning heavy and unbearable, in which he was carried towards her as on a flood.
Behind the castle of Pescocalascio was a deep, steep valley, almost a gorge, at the bottom of which a river ran, and where Pancrazio pointed out the electricity works of the village, deep in the gloom.
She seemed to feel in the air strange Furies, Lemures, things that had haunted her with their tomb-frenzied vindictiveness since she was a child and had pored over the illustrated Classical Dictionary.
(20) For a trivial offence, a free man shall be fined only in proportion to the degree of his offence, and for a serious offence correspondingly, but not so heavily as to deprive him of his livelihood.
No constable or other bailiff of ours shall take corn or other provisions from any one without immediately tendering money therefor, unless he can have postponement thereof by permission of the seller.
In discovering what Aristotle had in mind when he speaks of imitation, the student must read from one treatise to another, for few writers of any period are so addicted to the habit of cross-reference.
Aristotle says, for example, that the ornate style of the sophists, such as Gorgias, has its origin in the poets,[86] while the modern student, Norden, asserts that the poets learned from the sophists.
He begins, of course, with an apology for    Thys lytle boke, opprest wyth rudenes   Without rethorycke or coloure crafty;   Nothinge I am experte in poetry   As the monke of Bury, floure of eloquence.
It was to be expected that scholars whose education had been largely rhetorical should carry over the vocabulary of rhetoric into what was on the rediscovery of the _Poetics_ practically a new science.
The Rhetorical Period of English Criticism   Spingarn has carefully traced the introduction of the theories of poetry formulated by the Italian critics into England at the end of the sixteenth century.
Instead of endeavoring to discover what the end or purpose of poetry may be, Puttenham explains why certain forms of poetry were devised, or what may be the intention of certain poets in certain poems.
Our reappearance caused a jeering shout to go up from the crowd; but no violence was attempted beyond the catching hold of the rear wheel when our backs were turned, and the throwing of clods of earth.
From this point we made a very rapid descent, crossed the Kizil Irmak for the third time by an old ruined bridge, and half an hour later saw the “stars and stripes flying above the U. S. consulate.
During our gloomy vigil we were glad to hear the sounds of a caravan, toward which we groped our way, discerning, at length, a long line of camels marching to the music of their lantern-bearing leader.
The similarity in the phrases, _telegraph pole_ and _dry heaven_, had inspired the common belief that the line of poles then stretching across the country was responsible for the long-existing drought.
Besides many other filial observances, the eldest son is in duty bound to render the journey easy for the departed by scattering fictitious paper-money, as spirit toll, at the various roadside temples.
With slow pace he walked into the room, stopped a moment to look at us, then advanced with outstretched hand, while a faint smile played about his features and softened the piercing glance of his eyes.
I have consider’d thee, And find no Blemish in thy Soul, or Form; Thou art all o’er Divine, yet I must hate thee, Since thou hast drawn me to a mortal Sin, That cannot be forgiven by Men, or Heaven.
An old Acquaintance of mine, that takes it unkindly that I am for Change--_Betty_, say so too, you know I can settle nothing till I’m marry’d; and he can do it swingingly, if we can but draw him in.
To the Right Honourable _Laurence_, Lord _Hyde_, Earl of _Rochester_, one of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, Lord High Treasurer of _England_, and Knight of the Noble Order of the Garter.
This Love’s a damn’d bewitching thing--Now though I should lose my Assignation with my Devil, I cannot hold from seeing _Julia_ to night: hah--there, and with a Fop at her Feet.--Oh Vanity of Woman!
I’th’ utmost Borders of the Earth I’ll find thee-- Seas shall not hide thee, nor vast Mountains guard thee: Even in the depth of Hell I’ll find thee out, And lash thy filthy and adulterous Soul.
Now am I in a very fine condition, A comfortable one, as I take it: I have ventur’d my Life to some purpose now; What confounded luck was this, that he of all men Living, should happen to be my Rival?
I have nought to say to her dishonour, Sir, But something may be done may give you cause To stand upon your Guard; And if your Rage do not the mastery get, I cannot doubt but what you’ll be happy yet.
we shall have time enough for that hereafter; besides, you may make Love in Dancing as well as in Sitting; you may gaze, sigh, and press the Hand, and now and then receive a Kiss, what wou’d you more?
In the Restoration theatre it was the usual practice for the curtain to rise at the beginning and fall at the end of the play, so that the close of each intermediate act was only shown by a clear stage.
Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.
He says I will be better placed to do art work, and dispose of my sketches.  “Are you expecting to earn your living that way?  “I hope to some time, but not at first.  “I am glad to hear it.
He was already beginning to feel homesick and forlorn, when a bright-looking lad of twelve, with light-brown hair, came up and asked: “Is this Chester Rand?  “Yes, answered Chester, in surprise.
Is he a good friend of yours?  “No, sir; he dislikes me.  Mr. Perkins looked curious, and Chester, considerably to his own surprise, confided to him the story of his relations with the bookkeeper.
“I say, Cousin David, aren’t you going to bounce that boy pretty quick and give me his place?  “Yes, as soon as I get a good excuse.  “Will you do it to-day?  “No; it would look strange.
“Did you dine with Mr. Perkins last evening?  “Yes, sir.  “I suppose you went to the theater?  “No; Mr. Perkins preferred to take a walk, as he has not been in New York since he was a boy.
What makes you think so?  “He seems to be intimate with a man who, I am told, is a well-known gambler.  “Who is it?  “Dick Ralston.  “Ralston is as well known as any gambler in the city.
To-morrow afternoon come in and I may have some advice to give you.  “I know that you will advise me for the best, Chester.  “There is a good deal in age and experience, said Chester, smiling.
Seattle is at present ahead of us, but we mean to catch up, and that ere many years.  “At what price are lots selling on this street?  “I see you have business ideas, said the broker, smiling.
The cab stopped at a yellow house at the corner of a square where some shabby bare trees were flecked with bits of blown paper, bits of paper and refuse cluttered inside the round railings of each tree.
“Of course, he said—he used the two words very often, and pronounced the second, rather mincingly, to rhyme with _sauce_: “Of course, said Mr. May, “it’s a disgusting place—_disgusting_!
Often a slangy conversation was carried on through the curtain—for most of the turns were acquainted with each other: very affable before each other’s faces, very sniffy behind each other’s backs.
But he said to her once, in the early year following their opening:  “Well, how do you think we’re doing, Miss Houghton?  “We’re not doing any better than we did at first, I think, she said.
And they lingered on the stair-way to gaze in rapt curiosity, poking and whispering, until Miss Pinnegar appeared overhead, and sharply rang a bell which hung beside the entrance door of the work-rooms.
It’ll do you just as much good.  Imagine the slow, pompous, large-mouthed way in which the red-faced, handsomely-built man pronounced these words, and you realize why the poor set such store by him.
We will not have the guardianship of a man’s heir, or of land that he holds of someone else, by reason of any small property that he may hold of the Crown for a service of knives, arrows, or the like.
A clerk shall not be amerced in respect of his lay holding except after the manner of the others aforesaid; further, he shall not be amerced in accordance with the extent of his ecclesiastical benefice.
A clerk shall not be amerced in respect of his lay holding except after the manner of the others aforesaid; further, he shall not be amerced in accordance with the extent of his ecclesiastical benefice.
In fact, it sets out as if to treat rhetoric, and actually treats both; for it is mainly a treatise on style, which as Aristotle says in the _Poetics_[27] is in essence the same both in prose and verse.
The third class, the real poets, he says, borrow nothing of what is, hath been, or shall be: but range, onely rayned with learned discretion, into the divine consideration of what may be, and should be.
He goes further to show that with the notable exceptions of Bernardo Tasso and Castelvetro, who claimed no further function for poetry than delight and delight alone, the general conception was ethical.
Whetstone's _Dedication_ was published in 1578, one year before Gosson launched his attack against poetry and poets in his _School of Abuse_, which was answered by Lodge and Sidney in their _Apologies_.
Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.
When a foreigner bumps his head, and demands the reason for such stupid architecture, he is met with that decisive answer, “Adet—custom, the most powerful of all influences in Turkey and the East.
While we were building our pyramid a party of returning pilgrims greeted us with “Meshedi at last. “Not yet, we answered, for we knew that the gates of the Holy City closed promptly at twilight.
As yet they do very little farming, but live, like the Kirghiz, by raising horses, cows, sheep, and goats, and, in addition, the Russian hog, the last resembling very much the wild swine of the jungles.
The interim between the evening meal and bedtime was always employed in writing notes by the feeble, flickering light of a primitive taper-lamp, which was the best we had throughout the Chinese journey.
The next morning the usual exorbitant bill was presented by the innkeeper, and, as usual, one half or one third was offered and finally accepted, with the customary protestations about being under-paid.
We were even in some doubt as to the propriety of appearing before his excellency in bicycle costume; but we determined to plead our inability to carry luggage as an excuse for this breach of etiquette.
Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg™ collection.
yes, as Blasts to Flow’rs, or early Fruit; All gay I met him full of youthful Heat: But like a Damp, he dasht my kindled Flame, And all his Reason was--he lov’d another, A Maid he call’d _Celinda_.
Now am I afraid to walk in this Garden, lest I shou’d spy my own natural Wife lying with the Great _Turk_ in Fresco, upon some of these fine fiowry Banks, and learning how to make Cuckolds in _Turkey_.
You have an Art to please even when you deny; and something in your Look and Voice has an Air so greatly good, it recompences even for Disappointment, and we never leave your Lordship but with Blessings.
It must be so: I must moil on in the damn’d dirty Road, And sure such Pay will make the Journey easy:    _And for the Price of the dull drudging Night,   All Day I’ll purchase new and fresh Delight_.
I hate that same twang, twang, twang, fum, fum, fum, tweedle, tweedle, tweedle, then scrue go the Pins, till a man’s Teeth are on an edge; then snap, says a small Gut, and there we are at a loss again.
Madam, I was merely drawn in; I only thought to sport a Dye or so: I had only an innocent design to have discover’d whether this Gentleman had stoln my Gold, that so I might have hang’d him--  _Gay_.
The dauphin at the same time serenades Erminia at her chamber door, but Pisaro, a friend to Alcippus, meeting him, there is a scuffle during which Alcander, the prince’s companion, wounds the intruder.
He’s too brave to justify an Action Which was the Outrage only of his Passion, That soon will toil it self into a Calm, And then will grow considerate again, And hate the Rashness it provok’d him to.
The girls are, however, secretly assisted in their amours by Scaramouch, the doctor’s man, who is himself a rival of Harlequin, Cinthio’s valet, for the hand of Mopsophil, duenna to the young ladies.
Shadwell’s _The Scowerers_, Act i, I: ‘Every one in a petticoat is thy mistress, from humble bulker to haughty countess.’ Bailey (1790) has: ‘Bulker, one that would lie down on a bulk to any one.
A patient suffering from the _lues venerea_ was disciplined by long and severe sweating in a heated tub, which combined with strict abstinence was formerly considered an excellent remedy for the disease.
You have none here.  “And, as Mr. Conrad says, I am likely to run out of subjects for sketches.  “I think I shall have to give my consent, then.  “Thank you, mother, said Chester, joyfully.
Max flapped his eyelids and looked all disdain, murmuring something about “ein schmutziges italienisches Volk, whilst Louis, refusing either to see or to hear, framed the word “chien on his lips.
He lifted his head once more, suddenly clasped her hand, his eyes came to consciousness, his hand relaxed, he recognized her, and he sat back in his chair, turning his face aside and lowering his lashes.
(5) For so long as a guardian has guardianship of such land, he shall maintain the houses, parks, fish preserves, ponds, mills, and everything else pertaining to it, from the revenues of the land itself.
In commenting on a quotation from the _Orestes_, of Euripides, he says:    There the poet saw the Furies with his own eyes, and what his   imagination presented he almost compelled his hearers to behold.
How persistent is this rhetorical view of poetry is well illustrated by the _Ars Rhetorica_ of the Jesuit Martin Du Cygne, first published in 1666, and still used as a text-book in Georgetown University.
After coffee and smoking the question of purchase is gradually approached; not abruptly, as that would involve a loss of dignity; but circumspectly, as if the buying of anything were a mere afterthought.
We have frequently seen Russian peasants and natives occupying adjoining apartments in the same household, while in the process of trade all classes seem to fraternize in an easy and even cordial manner.
Since the evacuation by the Russians the Chinese have built around the city the usual quadrangular wall, thirty feet in height and twenty feet in width, with parapets still in the course of construction.
In a rapid descent by a narrow pathway, the pedal of one of the machines struck upon a protuberance, concealed by a tuft of grass, snapping off the axle, and scattering the ball-bearings over the ground.
During a supper at his hospitable home, he suggested that the viceroy might be pleased to receive us, and that if we had no objection, he would send a communication to the _yamen_, or official residence.
Thou art mistaken, _Driver_, I can keep him within no moderate Bounds without Blows; but for his filthy Custom of Wenching, I have almost broke him of that--but prithee, _Driver_, who are these Gentlemen?
For some part of my Virtue, Sir, I owe to you; in midst of all my Love, even in the kindest moments of Delight, my Joys were broken by concern for you.--_Julia_ this day, or very suddenly, leaves _Cadiz_.
Though you shou’d change them oftener than your Fashions, There still wou’d be enough for your Occasions: But ours are not so easily supplied, All that cou’d e’er quit cost, we have already tried.
But now I think I merit the Affront: He that his Vengeance idly does defer, His Safety more than his Success must fear: I, like that Coward, did prolong my Fate, But brave Revenge can never come too late.
So, I made my Rival believe I was gone, and hid my self till I got this Opportunity to steal to _Mopsophil’s_ Apartment, which must be hereabouts; for from these Windows she us’d to entertain my Love.
“Come on, Abel, he said, “I want to see about this matter.  “Well, you needn’t walk so plaguy fast, wouldn’t if I was you.  “Why not?  “’Cause you’ll probably have to go to jail.
“Didn’t I see him going to the Elevated station with you just now?  “Yes, sir.  “With a grip in his hand?  “Yes.  “Is he off for a journey?  “He has started for the West.  “So?
Last week I received a larger offer from another     publication, but as the publishers of _The Phoenix_ have always     treated me well, I didn’t think that I would be justified in making     a change.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org  Section 3.
But still a gentleman, still courteous, with a charming voice he suggested the possibilities of a pad of green parrots’ tail-feathers, or of a few yards of pink-pearl trimming or of old chenille fringe.
Madame, said Mrs. Rollings, was a little fat woman, and she was complaining all the time that she had got a cold on her chest, laying her hand on her chest and trying her breathing and going “He-e-e-er!
He had continually to cross the new tram-lines, which were awkward, and he had occasionally to dodge the brilliantly-illuminated tram-cars which threaded their way across-country through so much darkness.
Madame, in her chic little black hat and spotted veil, and her trim black coat-and-skirt, stood there at the street-corner staring before her, shivering a little with cold, but saying no word of any sort.
“And no nation do we know but the nation of the Hirondelles—  “No nation do we know but the nation of the Hirondelles, came the ragged chant of strong male voices, resonant and gay with mockery.
“And where is the _brave_ of Allaye, where is the arm that upholds the daughter of Kishwégin, which of the Swallows spreads his wings over the gentle head of the new one!  “Pacohuila! said Louis.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org  Section 3.
All forests that have been made such in our time shall forthwith be disafforsted; and a similar course shall be followed with regard to river banks that have been placed “in defense by us in our time.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org  Section 3.
Besides urging the young poet to revise and correct his manuscript carefully, to put it aside nine years, and to seek the criticism of a sincere friend, Horace considers the value of the finished product.
The master would criticise the speeches and, when the students had finished, would himself deliver a speech which was supposed to outshine those of his pupils and give promise of what he could teach them.
In the hands of a skilled teacher of composition, however, and with much class-room practice, it undoubtedly would get rhetoric taught more effectively than would more philosophical or literary treatises.
On the basis of an incomplete manuscript Etienne de Rouen prepared in the twelfth century an abridgment of Quintilian, and soon after an anonymous enthusiast made a selection of the _Flores Quintilianei_.
After the usual salaams, he motioned to a seat on the divan, and proceeded at once to examine our credentials while we sipped at our coffee, and whiffed the small cigarettes which were immediately served.
The Kurdish tents far down the slope, and the white curling smoke from their evening camp-fires, we could see no more; only the occasional bark of a dog was borne upward through the impenetrable darkness.
An exceptionally bright Armenian beauty, a graduate of the American missionary schools at this place, had been abducted, it was claimed, by a young Kurdish cavalier, and carried away to his mountain home.
In Tashkend they are exceptionally wide, with ditches on each side through which the water from the Tchirtchick ripples along beneath the double, and even quadruple, rows of poplars, acacias, and willows.
From Urumtsi we had decided to take the northern route to Hami, via Gutchen and Barkul, in order to avoid as much as possible the sands of the Tarim basin on the southern slope of the Tian Shan mountains.
At Barkul (Tatar) the first evidence of English influence began to appear in the place of the fading Russian, although the traces of Russian manufacture were by no means wanting far beyond the Great Wall.
But before us still a strong head wind was sweeping over the many desert stretches that lay between the oases along the Su-la-ho, and with the constant walking our sandals and socks were almost worn away.
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:       http://www.gutenberg.org/dirs/3/1/1/1/31111/   Updated editions will replace the previous one — the old editions will be renamed.
Why he never read in’s life; knows neither Longitude nor Latitude, and _Constantinople_ may be in the midst of _Spain_ for any thing he knows; besides, his Fear will give him little leisure for thinking.
Bredwel, to pass Gayman out undetected, ushers him through the room white-sheeted like a ghost, and the two old fools are well frightened, but eventually they conclude there has been some mistake or trick.
Get me to see her; and sure no Woman, even possest with a new Passion, Grown confident even to Prostitution, But when she sees the Man to whom she’s sworn so very--very much, will find Remorse and Shame.
Look--look--look now,--buss it--buss it--buss it--and Friends; did’ums, did’ums beat its none silly Baby--away, you little Hussey, away, and pledge me--                          [_She drinks a little_.
In Maurice Sand’s standard work on Italian comedy, _Masques et Bouffons_ (Paris, 1860) there will be found copious citations from this pantomime, the popularity of which he attributes wholly to Gherardi.
I fear not your hard Words, Sir, but dare aloud pronounce, if _Donna Mopsophil_ like me, the Farmer, as well as I like her, ‘tis a Match, and my Chariot’s ready at the Gate to bear her off, d’ye see.
Edmund Everard’s _Discourses on the Present State of the Protestant Princes of Europe_ (1679): ‘Since the last campania the Three ... have entred into the entanglement of a War.’  p. 331 _Pattacoon_.
Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.
“So, Mr. Fairchild engaged you through Mr. Conrad, did he?  “Yes, sir.  “Do you know anything about the city?  “Not much.  “Then I can’t imagine why Mr. Fairchild should have hired you.
It is here that you can help me.  “Yes, sir.  “Here, for instance, and the professor opened a French book, “are some sketches illustrating the dress and appearance of the natives of Madagascar.
We should be glad to have a     personal interview with you, but if it is impracticable or     inconvenient for you to come on to Tacoma we will undertake, as     your agents, to carry on the negotiations.
Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.
He flitted down once more to the negro, to ask him of a certain wooden show-house, with section sides and roof, an old travelling theatre which stood closed on Selverhay Common, and might probably be sold.
He dashed up from the rear, saluted the chieftain with his arm and his spear on high as he swept past, suddenly drew up his rearing steed, and trotted slowly back again, making his horse perform its paces.
As a matter of fact, she was enjoying a real moment of importance, there at the centre of Woodhouse’s rather domineering benevolence: a benevolence which she unconsciously, but systematically frustrated.
Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.
﻿The Project Gutenberg eBook of The Magna Carta  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.
All forests that have been made such in our time shall forthwith be disafforested; and a similar course shall be followed with regard to river-banks that have been placed “in defense by us in our time.
Men who dwell without the forest need not henceforth come before our justiciaries of the forest upon a general summons, unless they are in plea, or sureties of one or more, who are attached for the forest.
Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.
Thus the historical, philosophical, pedagogical, and dramatic literatures of the renaissance cannot be accurately understood except in the light of the Greek and Roman authors whose writings inspired them.
Because the imaginative realization of poetry is characterized by passion, intensity, and immediacy, the author of the treatise feels with Aristotle that the dramatic is the most characteristically poetic.
Aristotle, classifying poetic with music and dancing as a time art with its essence in movement, had insisted that a poem must have a beginning, a middle, and an end--qualities which do not exist in space.
This tradition dominated the middle ages; Lady Theology reigned over the kingdom of the seven liberal arts, and to make Homer and Virgil theological it was necessary that they be interpreted allegorically.
Voss) Vossler, Karl  Wackernagel, Jacob Walton, John Watson, Thomas Webbe, William Whetstone, George William of Malmesbury Wilson, Thomas  Xenarchus Xenophon      Footnotes:    [1] _Modern Philology_, Vol.
Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.
That term, however, which means rustic or clown, is never used by the Turks themselves except in derision or disdain; they always speak of themselves as “Osmanli.    [Illustration: AN ANGORA SHEPHERD.]
We paid two piasters (about nine cents) for an _oche_ (two and a half pounds), but we soon made the discovery that a Turkish oche contained a great many “stones—which of course was purely accidental.
A tributary of the Tchirtchick river forms the line of demarcation between the native and the European portions of the city, although the population of the latter is by no means devoid of a native element.
These pests, which throughout this low country are the largest and most numerous we have ever met, are bred in the intermediate swamps, which exist only through the negligence of the neighboring villagers.
The Kiayu-kuan, or “Jade Gate, by which it is here intersected, was originally so called from the fact that it led into the Khotan country, whence the Chinese traders brought back the precious mineral.
A body-guard of soldiers was furnished, not only during our sojourn in the city, but for the journey to Singan-foo, on which a good reception was everywhere insured by an official despatch sent in advance.
Colonel Bowman’s secretary, Mr. Tenney, who had been some time the instructor of the viceroy’s sons, and who was on rather intimate terms with the viceroy himself, kindly offered to act as interpreter.
He was a bright, intelligent lad of nineteen years, then about to take his first trial examinations for the Chinese degree of scholarship, which, if attained, would make him eligible for official position.
Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the Project Gutenberg™ concept and trademark.
You may copy it, give it away     or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License     included with this eBook or online at http://www.gutenberg.org                                     1.E.2.
You must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the       works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and       all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™ works.
a Sot?-- a Fool?--or a dull _Italian_ of the Humour of your Brother?--No, no, I can assure you, she that marries me, shall have Franchise--But, my pretty Miss, you must learn to talk a little more--  _Cel_.
Nay, never be surpriz’d, for your Intrigues are discover’d,  the good Matron of the House (against her Will) has done me that kindness--you know how to live without your Keeper, and so I’ll leave you.
I know that, Simpleton; but when I went to enquire for you by your Name, and told her my Bus’ness, our Amours are not kept so secret, nor was she so dull, as not to understand how matters went between us.
Poor Gentleman, I pity you of all things in the World,--you must be forc’d--how can I utter it,--to the most lamentable torment that ever Lover endur’d--to remain all night in your Mistress’s Chamber.
As fast as you please; hang her that fears the conjuring knot for me: But what will our Fathers say--mine who expects me to be the Governor’s Lady; and yours, who designs _Isabella_ for a Daughter-in-Law?
Set down the Chest behind yon hedge of Roses--and then put on those Shapes I have appointed you--and be sure you well-favour’dly bang both _Bearjest_ and _Noisey_, since they have a mind to see the Devil.
No, no, thou deservest her; she would have made an old fond Blockhead of me, and one way or other you wou’d have had her--ods bobs, you wou’d--      _Enter_ Bearjest, Diana, Pert, Bredwel, _and_ Noisey.
Oh, how I hate Business, which I do no more mind, than a Spark does the Sermon, who is ogling his Mistress at Church all the while: I have been ruffling over twenty Reams of Paper for my Uncle’s Writings.
Clerk, I am a Baker, that came with Bread to sell, and this Fellow here has stopt me this Hour, and made me lose the sale of my Ware; and being drunk, will out-face me I am a Farmer, and this Cart a Calash.
Géronte’s reiterated complaint ‘Que diable allait-il faire dans cette galère?’--_Les Fourberies de Scapin_ (1671), ii, VII; and the phrase in Cyrano de Bergerac’s _Le Pédant Joué_ (1654): ‘Ha!
In the Restoration theatre it was the usual practice for the curtain to rise at the commencement and fall at the end of the play, so that the close of each intermediate act was only marked by a clear stage.
Chester, take out the bread and butter and cold meat from the closet.  So before he went to bed the homeless wayfarer was provided with a warm meal, and the world seemed brighter and more cheerful to him.
“The receipt and the signature are genuine, and it is written on one of our letter heads.  Mullins took the receipt and faltered:  “I don’t understand it.  “Nor do I, said the broker, sternly.
As they went downstairs, Chester observed, “I will ask you as a favor, Mr. Perkins, not to refer to my work in _Puck_, as it is not known at the office that I do any work outside.  “All right, my boy.
As long as he owed him seven hundred and fifty dollars there was no escaping him, and Mullins felt very uncomfortable when he considered what steps the gambler wanted him to take to get free from his debts.
Coleman, explained Mrs. Trimble, “I have no reason to doubt my poor son’s death, but I didn’t see him die, and there may have been a mistake.  “How can there be? demanded Trimble, impatiently.
Presently the servant came in with a tray, set it down, lit a naked gas-jet, which roared faintly, and drew down a crackly dark-green blind, which showed a tendency to fly back again alertly to the ceiling.
One of them, facile in his subordinate way as James in his authoritative, kept chiming in:  “Ay, that’s the road it goes, Miss Huffen—yis, yo’ll see th’ roof theer bellies down a bit—s’ loose.
Alvina watched him half disappear—she handed him a candle—and she laughed to herself seeing his tight, well-shaped hind-quarters protruding from under the sink like the wrong end of a dog from a kennel.
A new swallow, a new Huron from the tents of the pale-face, from the lodges of the north, from the tribe of the Yenghees. Madame’s black eyes glared with a kind of wild triumph down the table at Alvina.
And may I ask if you have any definite idea, where you will go?  “I’ve got an engagement as pianist, with a travelling theatrical company.  “Oh indeed! said the lawyer, scrutinizing her sharply.
If—er—we could come to some composition—make some arrangement that would be agreeable to you, and would, in some measure, secure you a means of livelihood—  He watched Alvina with sharp blue eyes.
This rhetoric of Fraunce's, then, complements his _Lawiers Logike_ of the same year, the latter dealing with the finding out and arrangement of arguments in a speech, and the former with style and delivery.
The Aristotelian studies of the Italian scholars very largely accomplished the overthrow of the mediaeval theories of poetry and the re-establishment of the sounder critical theories of classical antiquity.
A reader might enjoy a story, play, or poem which presented impeccable examples of virtue rewarded and vice punished, or which abounded in noble platitudes gilded with wit, and still smile and be a villain.
The shepherds returned our salutation with some hesitation, while their ladles dropped into the soup, and their gaze became fixed on our huge helmets, our dogskin top-coats, and abbreviated nether garments.
Our first duty, therefore, was to see the mutessarif of Bayazid, to whom we bore a letter from the Grand Vizir of Turkey, in order to ascertain what protection and assistance he would be willing to give us.
The snow, which fell from the clouds just over our heads, covered our frugal supper-table, on which were placed a few hard-boiled eggs, some tough Turkish bread, cheese, and a bottle of tea mixed with raki.
Malcolm Khan, however, was too well versed in Oriental craft to fall into such a trap, and announced his purpose to devote his future leisure to airing his knowledge of Persian politics in the London press.
Here, too, we began that journey of 1500 miles along the Celestial mountain range which terminated only when we scaled its summit beyond Barkul to descend again into the burning sands of the Desert of Gobi.
As we ascended the Ili valley piles of stones marked in succession the sites of the towns of Turgen, Jarkend, Akkend, and Khorgos, names which the Russians are already reviving in their pioneer settlements.
Ah, Heavens, those Eyes--that Look,--that pretty Leer,--that my Father shou’d be so doating an old Fool to think these Beauties fit for a little Merchandize; a Marchioness wou’d so much better become me.
I think I may venture, the fury is past, and the great shot spent, the mad Captain General’s wounded; so, I hope ‘twill let out some of his hot blood--      _Enter the_ King, Cleontius, _and Attendants_.
AUTHOR OF “ANDY GRANT’S PLUCK, “SINK OR SWIM, “ADRIFT IN NEW YORK.     NEW YORK HURST & COMPANY PUBLISHERS     Transcriber’s Note: Minor typographical errors have been corrected without note.
“I would like to become better acquainted with him.  “What shall I say, Mr. Ralston?  “Tell him I am a prominent man, and expect to be nominated for Congress next fall.  This he said with a wink.
We can spare that.  “How soon do you expect Fairchild back?  “In three days.  But on the morrow Mullins was disconcerted by receiving the following telegram:      “Expect me back sometime to-day.
“I have got along pretty well in the last twelve months, haven’t I?  “Yes; but suppose you were to fall sick, with no one to look after you?  “I didn’t tell you that I am going to have company.
“Well, Mary, said Trimble, “I’ve brought Floyd along to answer any questions relating to poor Edward’s death.  “Yes, I shall be glad to see him, answered his wife, in a dull, spiritless tone.
When she got home she took off her dress and washed herself hard and washed the stained sleeve, thoroughly, thoroughly, and threw away the wash water and rinsed the wash-bowls with fresh water, scrupulously.
And so, early in October the place was ready, and Woodhouse was plastered with placards announcing “Houghton’s Pleasure Palace. Poor Mr. May could not but see an irony in the Palace part of the phrase.
And the Pleasure Palace was christened, in some lucky stroke, Houghton’s Endeavour, a reference to that particular Chapel effort called the Christian Endeavour, where Alvina and Miss Pinnegar both figured.
And when the trouble of the detectives began to pass off, and the men became more cheerful again, wanted her to jest and be familiar with them, she responded verbally, but in her heart there was no response.
She knew that a portion of the land down at Pescocalascio belonged to Ciccio: a bit of half-savage, ancient earth that had been left to his mother by old Francesco Califano, her hard-grinding peasant father.
She became quite clever at drawing the strands of wool from her distaff, rolling them fine and even between her fingers, and keeping her bobbin rapidly spinning away below, dangling at the end of the thread.
This we found the handiest and most serviceable mode of transportation, being handy to eat without removing our hands from the handle-bars, and also answering the purpose of sails in case of a favoring wind.
Though entirely inexperienced in mountain-climbing, we ourselves thought that the southeast slope, the one taken by General Chodzko, the English party, and Mr. Bryce, was far more feasible for a small party.
At the spring we had turned off the trail that led over the Sardarbulakh pass into Russia, and were now following a horse-path which winds up to the Kurdish encampments on the southern slope of the mountain.
We cut off discussion at once; told the muleteer he would either go on, or lose what he had already earned; and informed the zaptiehs that whatever they did would be reported to the mutessarif on our return.
For the same reason one of our cameras, which we always carried on our backs, and refilled at night under the bedclothes, we sold to a Chinese photographer at Suidun, to make room for an extra provision-bag.
‘Tis more than thou wilt do with thy Creditors, who, poor Souls, despair of a Groat in the Pound for all thou ow’st them, for Points, Lace, and Garniture--for all, in fine, that makes thee a complete Fop.
I dare thy worst; Shou’d Hell assist thy Aims, thou cou’dst not find, New Plagues, unless thou shou’dst continue kind, Hard Fate, _Diana_, when thy Love must be The greatest Curse that can arrive to me.
But in the Family where I was educated, a Youth of my own Age, a Kinsman too, I chanc’d to fall in love with, but with a Passion my Pride still got the better of; and he, I thought, repaid my young Desires.
I find you wou’d have me turn a Husband of the Mode, a fine convenient Tool, one of the modern Humour, a civil Person, that understands Reason, or so; and I doubt not but you wou’d be as modish a Gallant.
Good, there is a Galley also, in the Harbour, you lately took from the _Turks_; Habits too were taken in her enough to furnish out some forty or fifty as convenient _Turks_ as a man wou’d wish at the Devil.
Jealousy And let the rest be carried on by me; Nor would it be amiss should you provide A Serenade to entertain the Bride: ’.will give him Fears that may perhaps disprove The fond opinion of his happy Love.
--But yet that Look would call a Saint from th’.ltar, And make him quite forget his Ceremony, Or take thee for his Deity: --But yet thou hast a very Hell within, Which those bewitching Eyes draw Souls into.
Enough, _Erminia_, I must credit you, And will no other proof of it require, But that you’ll now submit to my desire; Indeed, _Erminia_, you must grant my suit, Where Love and Honour calls, make no dispute.
If she do so, she learnt it not of me, I love, and therefore know no Cruelty: Such outrage cannot well with Love reside, Which only is the mean effect of Pride: --I merit better thoughts from you, _Alcippus_.
And I may make thee great;--all I require, is, that thou wilt double thy diligent Care of my Daughter and my Niece; for there are mighty things design’d for them, if we can keep ‘em from the sight of Man.
For Birmingham = Whig we have _Old Jemmy, an Excellent New Ballad_:      Let Whig and Bromingham repine,       They show their teeth in vain;     The glory of the British line,       Old Jemmy’s come again.
You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenberg-tm works.
“My store was robbed last night of thirty-seven dollars and sixty cents.  “Sho, Silas, how you talk!  “It’s true, and there stands the thief!  “I am sitting, Mr. Tripp, said Chester smiling.
Now and then I take a table d’hote dinner.  “I don’t think I can afford to come here often, Chester remarked, after consulting the bill of fare and the prices set down opposite the different dishes.
‘Tell him,’ he said, ‘that if he gets tired of New York, he can come back to the store, and I will pay him three dollars a week!’ He said this with an air of a man who is making a magnificent offer.
I am afraid he will discharge me.  “Yes, I will go with you.  So it happened that Felix and Mr. Sharpleigh went together into the office where Mullins was eagerly waiting for the return of his emissary.
His father had been a little, terrifically loud-voiced, hard-skinned man, amazingly uneducated and amazingly bullying, who had tyrannized for many years over the Sunday School children during morning service.
And he kept looking up at her during the service—she sat in the choir-loft—gazing up at her with apparently love-lorn eyes and a faint, intimate smile—the sort of _je-sais-tout_ look of a private swain.
But for the young men—yes, I will show you in one minute—  And she took Alvina upstairs to her room, and gave her a pair of the thin leather trousers fringed with hair, belonging to one of the _braves_.
Of this she became convinced, that it was concern for her virtue which had started the whole business: and that the first instigator was Mr. May, who had got round some vulgar magistrate or County Councillor.
And sympathetic Italians opposite at once asked him if they were married and who and what his bride was, and they gazed at her with bright, approving eyes, though she felt terribly bedraggled and travel-worn.
For this relationship to be clear it will be necessary to review classical literary criticism and to trace its development in post-classical times and in the middle ages as well as in the Italian renaissance.
Five kinds of poetry are mentioned by name in the _Poetics_: epic, dramatic, dithyrambic, nomic, and satiric; and lyric is included by implication as a form of epic, where the poet narrates in his own person.
He should choose a subject he can handle; he should plan it so that it be unified and coherent, and have each element in the right place; he should choose words in good use, and write in an appropriate meter.
Aristotle's rhetorical theories superseded those of the early text-books, and through the influence of his _Rhetoric_ and the teaching of his pupil Theophrastus set their seal on subsequent rhetorical theory.
I abhore those poets that savor of ribaldry: I will admit the expullcion   of such enormities, poetry is dispraised not for the folly that is in   it, but for the abuse whiche manye ill Wryters couller by it.
On the other hand the more scholarly critics applied to poetry the canons of classical rhetoric which they derived in part from the classics themselves and in part from the critics of the Italian renaissance.
You must require such a user to return or      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium      and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of      Project Gutenberg-tm works.
But according to the upheaval theory of the eminent geologist, Hermann Abich, who was among the few to make the ascent of the mountain, there never was a great central crater in either Great or Little Ararat.
The Persian Minister of Foreign Affairs, Musht-a-Shar-el-Dowlet, then residing at Tabreez, who was accused of carrying on a seditious correspondence with Malcolm Khan, was differently situated, unfortunately.
Besides a big bowl of cabbage soup at every meal, our Russian host would start in with a half-tumbler of vodka, dispose of a bottle of beer in the intervals, and then top off with two or three glasses of tea.
Then they would challenge us to a race, and, if the road permitted, we would endeavor to reveal some of the possibilities of the “devil’s carts. On an occasion like this occurred one of our few mishaps.
And in that good Comedy of _Sir Courtly Nice_, the _Taylor to the young Lady_--in the fam’d Sir _Fopling Dorimont and Bellinda_, see the very Words--in _Valentinian_, see the Scene between the _Court Bawds_.
Ay, when the overjoy’d good Man invites ‘em all against that time Twelve-month: Oh, he’s a dear Man, cries one--I must marry, cries another, here’s a Man indeed--my Husband--God help him--  Sir _Feeb_.
But at last, methought you grew angry at something, and they all fled to Heaven again; and after a deal of Thunder and Lightning, I wak’d, Sir, and hearing human Voices here, came to see what the Matter was.
I’m sure mine was no Dream--I wak’d, I heard, I saw, I spoke--and danc’d to the Musick of the Spheres; and methought my glorious Lover ty’d a Diamond Chain about my Arm--and see ‘tis all substantial.
Conrad, an artist, a friend of the minister, got it for me.  “Is your mother willin’ to have you go?  “She will miss me, but she thinks it will be for my advantage.  “How’s she goin’ to live?
“No, I am the only baby in my family, but I am fond of children.  I may remark here that manly boys generally do like children, and I haven’t much respect for those who will tease or tyrannize over them.
You see, Mr. Perkins, I do all my real estate business through my friend, Mr. Mullins.  “Just so.  Neither Mr. Perkins nor Chester was taken in by Ralston’s assumption of the character of a capitalist.
It is difficult for a boy to get a place in this city—that is, a good place, and he wouldn’t be likely to refer any employer to me.  “I’m afraid he’ll be put to it to live, for his mother was poor.
“When was your birthday?  “A month ago.  “Then I must give you a birthday present You can’t object to that, and Mr. Wilson took a ten-dollar gold piece from his pocket and pressed it upon Edward.
Only the second day, at breakfast, as Alvina ate rather rapidly and rather well, the white-haired woman said quietly, with a tinge of cold contempt:  “How changed you are, dear!  “Am I? laughed Alvina.
But I thought, you see, as you have now not much mo-oney, perhaps you would like to take it again—  “No, thank you, said Alvina, and she went away, leaving Madame with the red brooch in her plump hand.
But there you are—Effie would insist on dabbing a rare bit of yellow brocade on the wall, instead of a picture, and in painting apple-green shelves in the recesses of the whitewashed wall of the dining-room.
But most of their attention they gave to Ciccio, talking at him rapidly all at once, whilst he answered, and glanced in this way and that, under his fine lashes, and smiled his old, nervous, meaningless smile.
(12) No ‘scutage’ or ‘aid’ may be levied in our kingdom without its general consent, unless it is for the ransom of our person, to make our eldest son a knight, and (once) to marry our eldest daughter.
We have in addition remitted fully, and for our own part have also pardoned, to all clergy and laymen any offences committed as a result of the said dispute between Easter 1215 AD and the restoration of peace.
In the case of those English critics whose writings are incorporated in the _Elizabethan Critical Essays_ edited by Mr. Gregory Smith, or in the _Critical Essays of the Seventeenth Century_, edited by Dr. J.E.
How important Aristotle feels it to be that the spectator or reader should see before him the characters and situations of an epic or drama is evinced by his suggestion to the poet on the process of composing.
As well take some mighty athlete with muscles of steel, rig him up with purple drapery and meretricious ornament, rouge and powder his cheeks; faugh, what an object one would make of him with such defilements!
In the artistic degeneracy of late Latin literature both rhetoric and poetic paid less attention to structure and other elements which distinguished them, and more attention to style, which they had in common.
Jealousy and intrigue among the officers and functionaries are also not strange, perhaps, at so great a distance from headquarters, where the only avenue to distinction seems to lie through the public service.
On the journey to Kan-chou we were sometimes compelled to ride on the narrow mud-wall fences that separated the flooded fields of wheat, millet, and sorghum, the prevailing cereals north of the Hoang-ho river.
“You are both young, he added, “and can hope for anything.  During the conversation the viceroy frequently smiled, and sometimes came so near overstepping the bounds of Chinese propriety as to chuckle.
Nay, do not view me, I am no lovely Object; I am a Man bred up to Noise and War, And know not how to dress my Looks in Smiles; Yet trust me, fair one, I can love and serve As well as an _Endymion_, or _Adonis_.
Bed, Where he had wantoned a short Summer’s night, Harness’d his bright hoov’d Horses to begin His gilded course above the Firmament, Out sallied Don _Gulielmo Rodorigo de Chimney Sweperio_, and so forth.
She’s of years of discretion, and may dispose of her self; but I can hold no longer: and is this your _Mahometan_ Conscience, to take other Mens Wives, as if there were not single Harlots enough in the World?
There’s the Devil, _Charles_,--had I but that--but I have had a very good Friend at work, a thousand Guyneys, that seldom fails; but yet in vain, I being the first Transgressor since the Act against Duelling.
“It seems to me, Mr. Tripp, said the minister, “that you owe an apology to our young friend here for your false suspicions.  “Anybody’d suspect him when they found his handkerchief, growled Silas.
“Then, Mr. Mullins, I have the pleasure of introducing to you Chester Rand, late of Wyncombe, now of New York, who will be associated with you in the real estate business.  “Perhaps so, sneered Mullins.
“No.  “How’s that?  “It’s rather a delicate matter, as you are a friend of his, but some days since I was obliged to discharge him.  “You don’t say! ejaculated Silas, in manifest surprise.
I am surprised to meet you.  “Then you didn’t know I was here?  “I heard from Felix that you were in this part of the country.  “I am trying to earn an honest living, said Mullins, in agitation.
* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies   you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he   does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm   License.
If they so desire, they may have the debtor’s lands and rents until they have received satisfaction for the debt that they paid for him, unless the debtor can show that he has settled his obligations to them.
No constable shall compel any knight to give money in lieu of castle-guard, when he is willing to perform it in his own person, or (if he cannot do it from any reasonable cause) then by another responsible man.
Given under our hand—the above-named and many others being witnesses—in the meadow which is called Runnymede, between Windsor and Staines, on the fifteenth day of June, in the seventeenth year of our reign.
Given under our hand - the above named and many others being witnesses - in the meadow which is called Runnymede, between Windsor and Staines, on the fifteenth day of June, in the seventeenth year of our reign.
* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies   you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he   does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm   License.
Maybe, after half an hour, the customer has indicated what he wants, and after discussing the quality of the goods, the customer asks the price in an off-hand way, as though he were not particularly interested.
This little arrangement evoked a smile from the Vali, who, when the exhibition was finished, stepped forward and said, “I am satisfied, I am pleased. His richly caparisoned white charger was now brought up.
He wore a headgear that was something between a hat and a turban, and over his baggy Turkish trousers hung a long Persian coat of bright-colored, large-figured cloth, bound at the waist by a belt of cartridges.
We pushed on the next 500 feet of the ascent without much trouble or controversy, the silence broken only by the muleteer, who took the _raki_ bottle off the donkey’s pack, and asked if he could take a drink.
High on one of the sides, which a recent earthquake has rent from top to bottom, there is a little porch whence these Persian “Bluebeards, or rather Redbeards, were wont to hurl unruly members of the harem.
We now learned that the village contained a _chappar khan_, one of those places of rest which have recently been provided for the use of foreigners and others, who travel _chappar_, or by relays of post-horses.
The only copious spring we were able to find was filled at the time with the unwashed linen of a Persian traveler, who sat by, smiling in derision, as we upbraided him for his disregard of the traveling public.
Then we would settle down before the steaming samovar to meditate in solitude and quiet, while the rays of the declining sun shone on the gilded eikon in the corner of the room, and on the chromo-covered walls.
The only Man, who from all Nature’s store I found most charming, fit for my Desires; And now after a thousand Expectations, Such as all Maids that love like me do hope, Just ready for the highest Joys of Love!
Fie, fie, that’s a gross Name; no, a Miss, that’s the Word-- a Lady of Delight, a Person of Pleasure and the rest; I’ll keep thee, not a Woman of Quality shall be half so fine--Come, dear _Phillis_, yield.
She was--and I have since endeavoured all the Arts and Ways I can to cuckold him; ‘tis now two months since the Wedding, and I hear he keeps her as close as a Relict, jealous as Age and Impotence can make him.
Mine will be glad of the Change; and, for yours, if he be not pleased, let him keep his Portion to himself--that’s the greatest mischief he can do us: and for my Friend, the Governor, he’s above their Anger.
There is a Harbour which since the Creation was never capable of receiving a Lighter, yet by another Miracle the King of _France_ was to ride there with a vast Fleet of Ships, and to land a hundred thousand Men.
Here, here, fear nothing, hold by each other, that when I go out, all may go; that is, slip out, when you hear the Doctor is come in again, which he will certainly do, and all depart to your respective Lodgings.
Bowman, set by Dr. John Blow. At the end of the song Playford adds, “These words by Mr. Ousley. ... Mrs. Behn usually acknowledged her obligations; but she may have been neglectful on the present occasion.
“So we are.  “But it seems strange that you should have so much money.  “Five dollars isn’t much money, Mr. Tripp.  Then a sudden idea came to Silas Tripp, and he paused in weighing out the butter.
He must have picked up Chester’s handkerchief, and left it in your store after robbing the money drawer.  “That’s all very fine, said Silas, incredulously, “but I don’t know as there was any tramp.
“No, said Arthur, “it may relieve him to see you by diverting his thoughts.  Without further words, he opened the door of a room at the head of the staircase and entered, followed reluctantly by Chester.
Miss Pinnegar began to grow grey and elderly too, money became scarcer and scarcer, there was a black day ahead when her father would die and the home be broken up, and she would have to tackle life as a worker.
But alas, his clothes were now old-fashioned, so that their rather expensive smartness was detrimental to his chances, in spite of their scrupulous look of having come almost new out of the bandbox that morning.
“Oh, he said, “_You’re_ not going to pay.  “Yes I am, she said, and she left her fourpence, and James’s coppery, grimy fingers scooped it in, as the youth behind Miss Pinnegar shoved her forward.
“But, Miss Pinnegar, it can’t possibly hurt anybody.  “You know what I think—and what your father thought—and your mother and Miss Frost—  “You see I think it’s only prejudice, said Alvina.
His uncle at the mill, an unwashed, fat man with a wife who tinkled with gold and grime, and who shouted a few lost words of American, insisted on giving Alvina wine and a sort of cake made with cheese and rice.
Both have to do, in Hawes's own language, with choosing aromatic words, dulcet speech, sweetness, delight; they are redolent of incense; they gleam like carbuncles in the darkness; they are painted in hard gold.
Yet all he does is to return to the classical tradition by defining rhetoric as the art of correct or effective speech having five parts: _inventio_, _dispositio_, _elocutio_, _memoria_, and _pronuntiatio_[154].
So in the most quoted passage from Sidney's _Defense_, it is a tale forsooth, which draws old men from the chimney corner, and children from play,[217] and the narration which furnishes the groundplot of poesie.
By the light of a flickering candle we ate a hurried breakfast, fastened on our spiked shoes, and strapped to our backs a few indispensable articles, leaving the rest of our baggage at the camp until our return.
I knew I had a Rival, Sir, whom _Clara_ lov’d not; but ne’er cou’d get it from her who he was, for fear of mischief: I have often the Liberty to see her, under the name and pretence of _Isabella’s_ Lover.
Father mine, every Man to his business, I say, therefore say no more of this; for I’ll give my Mother’s Son to the Devil, when any Wife of mine ever makes a Visit to the Governor; and there’s an end on’t.
How strong this _Carlos_ smells of the Devil--Friend, tell your Master she’s very well, but since she was married, she has forgot her gentile Civility and good Manners, and never returns any Compliments to Men.
Those that conducted old _Francisco_ out, And will too soon return him back again; I dare not stay to hear thy love or chiding, Both which have power to charm, since both proceed From a kind heart, that’s mine.
--But might it not your present Griefs augment, I’d say that you deserve this punishment, By forcing her to marry with the General; By which you have destroy’d _Philander_ too, And now you would _Alcippus’.
You know the old Apartment next the great Orchard, and the Worm-eaten Gallery that opens to the River; which place for several Years no body has frequented; there all things shall be acted proper for our purpose.
It is interesting to note that many authorities, ignoring Settle and Mrs. Behn’s allusions, quote Powel and Otway as the only two places where the word ‘Alsatia’ is found before Shadwell made it so popular.
No sooner did he enter the room than Ernest ran up to him, kissed his hand, and caressed him.  “I can’t explain it, said the professor, “but Chester seems to have a wonderful influence over my poor boy.
“No, but Mr. Perkins gave me money to go.  “What made him do it?  “He thought I was a friend of Chester.  “How much did he give you?  “I occupied a dollar seat, answered Felix, noncommittally.
So far as that goes I will confine myself to _The Phoenix_ if——  “Terms are satisfactory, I suppose.  “Yes, sir.  “Then I will agree to pay you twenty-five dollars a week for the first six months.
“This is a very interesting comedy, he murmured, rubbing his hands, “a very interesting comedy, and apparently played for my benefit.  “Now, Felix, said the bookkeeper, “tell me how it all came out.
Oh, you feel safe with Dr. Mitchell, I don’t care what you say.  But to Alvina this peculiar form of blustering, bullying heart which had all the women scurrying like chickens was not particularly attractive.
Bulls, cows, sheep, pigs, goats stood and lay about under the bare little trees on the platform high over the valley: some one had kindled a great fire of brush-wood, and men crowded round, out of the blue frost.
Consequently Hermagoras defines the subject matter of rhetoric as public questions, Dionysius of Halicarnassus, as communal affairs, and the _Ad Herennium_ as whatever in customs or laws is to the public benefit.
Cicero deliberately leaves a discussion of _memoria_ out of his _Orator_, because as he says, it is common to many arts;[71] and the Dutch scholar Vossius in the renaissance denied that it was a part of rhetoric.
For two hundred years there had been no pirates in the Mediterranean; yet in the declamation schools pirates abounded, and questions turned upon points of law which never existed or could exist in actual society.
Indeed, so completely did any fundamental distinction between poetic and rhetoric become blurred that in the second century Annaeus Florus was able to offer as a debatable question, Is Virgil an orator or a poet?
On the one hand the earlier post-classical treatises composed by Martianus Capella, Cassiodorus, and Isidore, all inhabitants of the Mediterranean basin, are fairly close to the classical tradition of Quintilian.
We returned to the tent to find that the zaptiehs had been given the best places and best covers to sleep in, and that we were expected to accommodate ourselves near the door, wrapped up in an old Kurdish carpet.
This fact, together with the reports of heavy snowfalls beyond the Alexandrovski mountains, on the road to Vernoye, lent a rather cogent influence to the persuasions of our friends to spend the winter among them.
We were not a little surprised, therefore, when our request to spend the winter in its capital was graciously granted by Baron Wrevsky, as well as the privilege for one of us to return in the mean time to London.
Are they really Christians? On account of their extreme ignorance these Russian colonists are by no means able to cope with their German colleagues, who are given the poorest land, and yet make a better living.
The mulish leaders, with distended ears, would view our strange-looking vehicles with suspicion, and then lurch far out in their twenty-foot traces, pulling the heavily loaded vehicles from the deep-rutted track.
I cannot frame my Tongue to so much Blasphemy, as ‘tis to say kind things to her--I’ll try my Heart though--Fair Lady--Damn her, she is not fair--nor sweet--nor good--nor--something I must say for a beginning.
Flecknoe had already adapted Molière in _The Damoiselles à la Mode_, unacted (4to 1667); and seven years later than Mrs. Behn, Shadwell, in his fine comedy, _Bury Fair_ (1689), drew largely from the same source.
Friend to _Carlos_,    in love with _Clara_, but promis’d to _Isabella_,    Mr. _Wiltshire_ _Francisco_, old and rich, Husband to _Julia_, and    Father to _Isabella_,                                Mr. _Nokes_.
Enough--you shall in some disguise convey this Money to him, as from an unknown hand: I wou’d not have him think it comes from me, for all the World: That Nicety and Virtue I’ve profest, I am resolved to keep.
Here, Sir--why, what a story you made of a Meeting in the Hall, and--Arms, and--a--the Devil of any thing was stirring, but a couple of old Fools, that sat gaping and waiting for one another’s business--  _Bel_.
He is, however, beaten back and even wounded, and later his fury is inflamed by Pisaro’s tale, who also informs the favourite that Galatea, for whom the narrator cherishes a hopeless love, dotes fondly upon him.
Mark me, _Labree_, once for all; if thou takest Delight continually thus to put me in mind of My want of Courage, I shall undoubtedly Fall foul on thee, and give thee most fatal proofs Of more than thou expectest.
_Alcippus_, I confess, is brave enough, And by such ways I’ll make him quit his claim; He shall to morrow to the Camp again, And then I’ll own my Passion to the King; He loves me well, and I may hope his pity.
Sir, when you weigh my Sorrows with this Action, You’ll find no base Design, no Villany there; But being weary of a Life I hated, I strove to put it off, and missing that way, I come to make an offer of it here.
If I should take it, ‘twere no more than just; Yet once again I will allow it thee, That thou mayst owe me for’t a second time: Manage it better than the last I gave--                                    [_Ex_.
If you be thorowly purg’d from Vice, the Opticles of your Sight will be so illuminated, that glancing through this Telescope, you may behold one of these lovely Creatures, that people the vast Region of the Air.
_Scaramouch_ tells me _Charmante_ is conceal’d in the Closet, whom _Cinthio_ surely has mistaken for some Lover of mine, and is jealous; but I’ll send _Charmante_ after him, to make my peace and undeceive him.
That’s according to the Disposition of your Lover, for some believe you most, when you most abuse and cheat ‘em; some are so obstinate, they wou’d damn a Woman with Protesting, before she can convince ‘em.
And I wou’d sooner wed that Scoundrel _Scaramouch_, that very civil Pimp, that mere pair of chymical Bellows that blow the Doctor’s projecting Fires, that Deputy-urinal Shaker, that very Guzman of _Salamanca_.
She, Alvina, who loved her as no one else would ever love her, with that love which goes to the core of the universe, knew that it was time for her darling to be folded, oh, so gently and softly, into immortality.
The remote quality which hung about her in the midst of her intimacies and her frequencies, nothing high or lofty, but something given to the struggle and as yet invincible in the struggle, made them seek her out.
The tendency to use the terminology of rhetoric in discussing poetical theory did not originate in the English renaissance, but is largely an inheritance from classical criticism as interpreted by the middle ages.
Furthermore, as a courtier himself writing for courtiers, Puttenham does not lay down rules for the drama or the epic, but devotes most of his attention to occasional verse: lyrics, elegies, epigrams, and satires.
To be sure, Aristotle in the same section of the _Politics_ says that the emotional result of katharsis is harmless joy, and in the _Poetics_ he says that pity and fear produce the appropriate pleasure of tragedy.
Old men reject poems which are void of instruction; the knights neglect   austere poems: he who mixes the useful with the sweet wins the approval   of all by delighting and at the same time admonishing the reader.
Since leaving Geiveh we had been attended by a mounted guard, or _zaptieh_, who was sometimes forced upon us by the authorities in their anxiety to carry out the wishes expressed in the letters of the Grand Vizir.
These nomadic shepherds, a few Tatars at New Arghuri, and a camp of Russian Cossacks at the well of Sardarbulakh, are the only human beings to disturb the quiet solitude of this grandest of nature’s sanctuaries.
General Kuropatkine has just telegraphed permission for you to proceed to Askabad. This precipitate remark evidently disconcerted the consul, who could only nod his head and say, “_Oui, oui_, in affirmation.
Our pace increased with the growing darkness until at length we were going at the rate of twelve miles per hour down a narrow gorge-like valley toward the seventh and last ridge that lay between us and the desert.
These last could not have been dispensed with much longer, as our cushion-tires, ball-bearings, and axles were badly worn, while the rim of one of the rear wheels was broken in eight places for the lack of spokes.
Although entirely deserted, and no doubt consumed with curiosity, the actors could not lose what the Chinese call “face. They still continued their hideous noises, pantomimes, and dialogues to the empty seats.
Oh, Sir, you rail, and you may long enough, before you rail me out of my Opinion, whilst there are Dons with Coaches and fine Lackeys, and I have Youth and Beauty, with a Fortune able to merit one, so farewel, Cit.
Say, and hold; but _Sultana_ and precious Stones are damnable Temptations,--besides, the Rogue’s young and handsome,--What a scornful look she casts at me; wou’d they were both handsomely at the Devil together.
On 25 November, 1786, there was produced at Drury Lane a comedy by Mrs. Hannah Cowley (1743-1809), a prolific but mediocre dramatist, entitled, _A School for Greybeards; or, The Mourning Bride_ (4to 1786 and 1787).
SCENE V.       _Discovers a Room hung with Black, a Hearse standing in it with     Tapers round about it_, Alcippus _weeping at it, with_ Isillia,     _and other Women with long black Veils round about the Hearse_.
_Har_.--Where, if she chance to lose her Money, rather than give out, she borrows of the next amorous Coxcomb, who, from that Minute, hopes, and is sure to be paid again one way or other, the next kind Opportunity.
We then have Shadwell’s famous comedy, _The Squire of Alsatia_ (1688), with its well-known vocabulary of Alsatian jargon and slang, its scenes in Whitefriars, the locus classicus, a veritable mine of information.
They took the basket around to the side door, just as Mr. Morris, the minister, came out, accompanied by a young man, who was evidently a stranger in the village, as Chester did not remember having seen him before.
He knew just where I kept the money, and he could find his way about in the dark, he knew the store so well.  “I didn’t think Chester would do such a thing.  “That’s how he came by his five-dollar bill.
Give me the money right off, or I’ll send you to jail.  “I hear from Abel that the store was robbed last night, and I suppose from what you say that you suspect me.  “So I do.  “Then you are mistaken.
How is it that this has not excited the suspicions of Mr. Fairchild?  “I don’t think Mr. Fairchild knows it.  “Then Ralston doesn’t come into the office?  “He did not when Mr. Fairchild was in town.
“I called, said Miss Allsop, coming to the point at once, and speaking in her Sunday-school-teacher voice, “to ask you if you know about this Private Hotel scheme of your father’s?  “Yes, said Alvina.
If any freeman shall die intestate, his chattels shall be distributed by the hands of his nearest kinsfolk and friends, under supervision of the church, saving to every one the debts which the deceased owed to him.
If any freeman shall die intestate, his chattels shall be distributed by the hands of his nearest kinsfolk and friends, under supervision of the Church, saving to every one the debts which the deceased owed to him.
As Socrates applauded the dancing girl who leaped through the dagger-studded hoop,[95] the popular audience of imperial Rome was delighted at a clever turn of speech, a surprising rhythm, or a startling comparison.
For instance in his section on _Devision_ as a part of a speech, Wilson says, Tullie would not have a devision to be made, of, or above three partes at the moste, nor lesse then three neither, if neede so required.
But while Bacon derives the moral benefit of poetry from examples of conduct and outcomes of events more nearly just than those of actual life, when he analyses poetry into its kinds, he makes a place for allegory.
One of the most characteristic features of the Anatolian landscape are the storks, which come in flocks of thousands from their winter quarters in Egypt and build summer nests, unmolested, on the village housetops.
All these filled the evening air with perfume as we trudged along, passing now and then a Kurdish lad, with his flock of sheep and goats feeding on the mountain-grass, which was here much more luxuriant than below.
Into these the veiled creatures entered, and drew the curtains, while the men leaped into the saddle at a signal, and, with the tri-cornered flag at their head, the cavalcade moved out on its long night pilgrimage.
These dried up river-beds furnished the only continuously hard surfaces we found on the Gobi; although even here we were sometimes brought up with a round turn in a chuck hole, with the sand flying above our heads.
A thing that has no Name, she is so bad; One who so lately gave her self to me, And now is flown into another’s Arms: One that attacks my Life, for the same Sins Which she her self commits--and thinks to live too.
_Carlos_, though young, gay, handsom, witty, rich, I hate as much as you the old _Francisco_; for since I cannot marry my _Antonio_, both Youth and Beauty are but lost on me, and Age decrepid would be equal torment.
Nay, with a little cudgelling this dull Brain of mine I shall advance it farther for the Jest-sake;--as I take it, Signior Don _Antonio_, you have a fine Villa, within a Bow-shot of this City belonging to your self.
And yet this Wife, this most ungrateful Wife of yours, again wou’d put your Chains on, expose your Life to Dangers and new Torments, by a too stubborn Virtue, she does refuse my Courtship, and foolishly is chaste.
And so religiously believes there is a World there, that he Discourses as gravely of the People, their Government, Institutions, Laws, Manners, Religion, and Constitution, as if he had been bred a _Machiavel_ there.
and also Cotton Mather’s _Discourse on Witchcraft_ (1689), chap, vii: ‘As if you or I should say: We never met with any robbers on the road, therefore there never was any Padding there.’  p. 250 _sport a Dye_.
I’m really sorry to hear Chester ain’t done no better.  “He isn’t quite up to our mark, but I dare say he will do very well in the country or in some small business.  “Are you doin’ a large business?
“I like my present position better, answered Chester; “besides, I suppose you are hardly prepared to offer me twenty-five dollars a week.  “Do you receive as much as that? asked the broker, in amazement.
Chapel provided her with a whole social activity, in the course of which she met certain groups of people, made certain friends, found opportunity for strolls into the country and jaunts to the local entertainments.
Then he proceeded to find out how long they had stood on this ground—three months—how long they would remain—only another week, then they were moving off to Alfreton fair—who was the owner of the pitch—Mr.
Minor plans included the election of Alvina to the post of parish nurse, at six pounds a month: a small private school; a small haberdashery shop; and a position in the office of her cousin’s Knarborough business.
“Do sing something. And with her white arm she reached for a glory rose that hung in the moonlight from the wall, and with a flash of her white arm she flung it toward the garden wall—ineffectually, of course.
(10) If anyone who has borrowed a sum of money from Jews dies before the debt has been repaid, his heir shall pay no interest on the debt for so long as he remains under age, irrespective of whom he holds his lands.
Both Ascham and Quintilian are interested in literature as professors who must organize a field for presentation to students; and as is frequently the case, the result is apt to become arid, schematic, and lifeless.
Isocrates believes that Homer was prized by the earlier Greeks because his poems instilled a hatred of the barbarians, and kindled in the hearts of the readers a desire to emulate the heroes who fought against Troy.
And   _pretending no more, doth intende the winning of the mind from   wickedness to vertue_: even as the childe is often brought to take most   wholsom things by hiding them in such other as have a pleasant   tast.
The Displacement of Allegory by Example   A most interesting view of the purpose of poetry was evolved in the brain of Francis Bacon--that baffling complexity of mediaeval tradition and penetrating original thought.
Of all these deserts, occupying probably one half of the whole Turkestan steppe, none is more terrible than that of the “Golodnaya Steppe, or Steppe of Hunger, to the north of the “White Sands now before us.
This she twirled over on its back, and held down with her knee while the butcher artist drew a dagger from his belt, and held it aloft until the assembly stroked their scant beards, and uttered the solemn bismillah.
Did not his Arms, softer and whiter far Than those of _Jove’s_ transform’d to Wings of Swans, Greedily clasp thee round?--Oh, quickly speak, Whilst thy fair rising Bosom met with his; And then--Oh--then--  _Dia_.
So, ‘twas well I laid by the rest, my Peace had not been Made under every Rag on’t else; and what I was painfully cheating for All this Night, would have been laid out at the Mercers and Lacemans in half an Hour.
Go to--More of your Love, and less of your Ceremony--give the old Fool a hearty buss, and pay him that way--he, ye little wanton Tit, I’ll steal up--and catch ye and love ye--adod, I will--get ye gone--get ye gone.
Both Chester and his mother feared that their unwelcome visitor would ask to stay all night, and they would not have felt safe with him in the house, but about a quarter past ten he got up and said he must be moving.
“Then how did it come open, that’s what I want to know?  “I am sure I can’t tell.  “Somebody might have come in during the night and robbed the store.  “So there might.  “It’s very mysterious.
How do you think you shall like the city?  “Very much, I think.  “What pay do you get?  “Five dollars a week.  “You can’t live on that.  “I will try to.  “Of course, it is different with me.
He has no board to pay, and sometimes I haven’t money to pay mine.  “I suppose he is staying with friends or relatives, said Mullins, who was not aware that Mr. Ralston, senior, was the inmate of a poorhouse.
“At present we are well and prospering, but the time may come when our income will be diminished, and then it will be very comfortable to have some money laid aside.  Chester acted upon his mother’s suggestion.
“I suppose you want to know what price you can charge for your lots.  “You are right.  “Of course it will not be right for me to advise you, being employed by the other party, but I will give you some idea.
A velvet surface of golden light, velvet-pile of gold and pale luminosity, and strange beautiful elevations of houses and trees, and depressions of fields and roads, all golden and floating like atmospheric majolica.
In the morning when it was light he turned and looked at her from under his long black lashes, a long, steady, cruel, faintly-smiling look from his tawny eyes, searching her as if to see whether she were still alive.
Alvina found herself at last before a table where bearded men in uniforms were splashing open the big pink sheets of the English passports: she felt strange and uneasy, that her passport was unimpressive and Italian.
They bought pots and pans and vegetables and sweet-things and thick rush matting and two wooden arm-chairs and one old soft arm-chair, going quietly and bargaining modestly among the crowd, as Anglicized Italians do.
But nowhere they say so many bad things about people as here—nowhere where I have ever been.  It was strange to Alvina to feel the deep-bed-rock distrust which all the hill-peasants seemed to have of one another.
Then there were the tiny irises, only one finger tall, growing in dry places, frail as crocuses, and much tinier, and blue, blue as the eye of the morning heaven, which was a morning earlier, more pristine than ours.
All barons who have founded abbeys, concerning which they hold charters from the kings of England, or of which they have long-continued possession, shall have the wardship of them, when vacant, as they ought to have.
All barons who have founded abbeys, concerning which they hold charters from the kings of England, or of which they have long continued possession, shall have the wardship of them, when vacant, as they ought to have.
As for poetic, it had no distinct place except in the analyses of the grammaticus, who from classical times had prepared boys for the schools of rhetoric partly by analyzing with them the style of admirable passages.
Thus in Guarino's school at Ferrara (1429-1460) the _Ad Herennium_ was regarded as the quintessence of pure Ciceronian doctrine of oratory, and was made the starting point and standing authority in teaching rhetoric.
So as if we should intreate our   maker to play also the Orator, and whether it be to pleade, or to   praise, or to advise, that in all three cases he may utter and also   perswade both copiously and vehemently[239].
Horace takes almost a cynical view in suggesting that, as some readers seek pleasure in poetry and others improvement, a poet will be more popular and make more money for the book-sellers if he mingles both elements.
In London the secretary of the Chinese legation, a Scotchman, had assisted us in mapping out a possible route across the Celestial empire, although he endeavored, from the very start, to dissuade us from our purpose.
Besides the various caravan trains of camels, donkeys, horses, and mules, the road is frequently dotted with ox-carts, run on solid wooden wheels without tires, and drawn by that peculiar bovine species, the buffalo.
The Russian border-line runs from Little Ararat along the high ridge which separates it from Great Ararat, through the peak of the latter, and onward a short distance to the northwest, then turns sharply to the west.
Its slightly brackish water, which never freezes, teems with several varieties of fish, many of which we helped to unhook from a Russian fisherman’s line, and then helped to eat in his primitive hut near the shore.
We soon learned that in order to get something besides Chinese heads in our pictures it was necessary first to point the camera in the opposite direction, and then wheel suddenly round to the scene we wished to take.
Ay, _Sharp_, I am always so when I am angry; had I been but A little more provok’d then, that we might have gone to’t when the heat was brisk, I had done well--but a Pox on’t, this fighting in cool Blood I hate.
That’s hearty--and we’ll do it--_Ned_ and I here--and I love an Amour with an Adventure in’t like _Amadis de Gaul_--Harkye, _Ned_, get a Coach and six ready to night when ‘tis dark, at the back Gate--  _Bred_.
--Ah, should you still continue, as you are, Thus wondrous good, thus excellently fair, I should retain my growing name in War, And all the Glories I have ventur’d for, And fight for Crowns to recompense thy Bounty.
Indeed, _Alcander_, no, ‘tis simple truth: Then for your bouncing Mistress, long _Brunetta_, O that majestick Garb, ‘tis strangely taking, That scornful Look, and Eyes that strike all dead That stand beneath them.
It would have been, had I not heard already She has this night appear’d to several Persons, In several Shapes; the first was to the Prince; And said so many pretty things for you, As has persuaded him to pardon you.
Of all that writ, he was the wisest Bard, who spoke this mighty Truth--    “He that knew all that ever Learning writ,   Knew only this--that he knew nothing yet.                                          [_Exeunt_.
You say that he wrote out a receipt?  “Yes, sir.  “It is a pity that you can’t produce it.  “Yes, chimed in Mullins, with a sneer, “it is unlucky that you cannot produce it.  Then came a sensation.
If you were only an ordinary man, now, it would be different, but your striking appearance naturally makes people curious about you.  Dick Ralston was not insensible to flattery, and this compliment propitiated him.
Chester retains the friendship and good opinion of his first friend, Carl Conrad, and is a favorite visitor at the house of Prof. Hazlitt, whose great work has just appeared from the press of a subscription publisher.
For nearly twenty years she saw that food was set on the table, and clean sheets were spread on the beds: and all the time remained virtually in the position of an outsider, without one grain of established authority.
She would see the eyes rolling strangely under sardonic eyelids, and then Miss Frost would feel that never, never had she known anything so utterly alien and incomprehensible and unsympathetic as her own beloved Vina.
Having only a few hundred pounds in possession after Throttle-Ha’penny, he was prepared to mortgage Manchester House if he could keep in hand a sufficent sum of money for the running of his establishment for a year.
For some moments he sat pressing her hand over his broken shin, completely oblivious, as some people are when they have had a shock and a hurt, intense on one point of consciousness only, and for the rest unconscious.
The Recovery of Classical Rhetoric   A half century before Smith unveiled the mysteries of rhetoric, Bacon had in his _Advancement of Learning_ (1605) pointed out the fallacies of the renaissance obsession with style.
It is not unreasonable to conclude that such a preoccupation with rhetoric, such a sustained search for all possible means of persuasion, should have strengthened rather than weakened the utilitarian theory of poetry.
In this controversy, in which Whetstone later took sides with the anti-stage party in his _Touchstone for Time_ (1584), the age-long conflict between the poets and the philosophers was renewed with vigor and acrimony.
The dress of these women consisted of baggy trousers, better described in this country as “divided skirts, a bright-colored overskirt and tunic, and a little round cloth cap encircled with a band of red and black.
About twenty-two miles east of this point the large white Russian fort of Khorgos stands bristling on the bank of the river of that name, which, by the treaty of 1881, is now the boundary-line of the Celestial empire.
It was too late in the day to walk back the sixteen miles to the Kirghiz encampment, and there obtain horses for the remaining fifty-eight miles to Kuldja, for nowhere else, we concluded, could such a break be mended.
After the exchange of visiting-cards, as an indication that their visits would be welcome, they would come on foot, in carts, or palanquins, according to their rank, and always attended by a larger or smaller retinue.
Even our soldier attendant, as soon as the wooden saddle was taken from his sore-backed government steed, would produce his portable lamp, and proceed to melt on his needle the wax-like contents of a small, black box.
Bellmour, meantime, in despair and rage at his misery plunges into reckless debauchery, and in company with Sir Timothy visits a bagnio, where they meet Betty Flauntit, the knight’s kept mistress, and other cyprians.
Ever while you live, for many a time in playing after the first night, the Bride’s sleepy, the Bridegroom tir’d, and both so out of humour, that perhaps they hate any thing that puts ‘em in mind they are married.
Then I’ve past my word at the _George Tavern_, for forty Shillings for you, ten Shillings at my Neighbour _Squabs_ for Ale, besides seven Shillings to Mother _Suds_ for Washing; and do you fob me off with my Husband?
What a damn’d Shame’s this, that Women shou’d be sacrificed to Fools, and Fops must run away with Heiresses--whilst we Men of Wit and Parts dress and dance, and cock and travel for nothing but to be tame Keepers.
As the author himself states in his preface, _Harlequin roi dans la Lune_, a three act comedy by Bodard de Tézay, produced at the Variétés Amusantes, 17 December, 1785, has nothing to do with the old Italian scenes.
On the other hand, it is possible this reference may merely be to _The Law Against Lovers_ (1661, folio, 1673), in which Sir William Davenant has mixed Benedick and Beatrice with Angelo, Claudio, Isabella and the rest.
Suppose you call upon me some evening within a week.  “I will do so gladly, sir, if you will tell me where you live.  “Here is my card, said his companion, drawing out his case, and handing a card to Chester.
Pass it over, and I will give you a receipt.  “But I came to say that I had only three dollars and a half toward it.  “And why have you only three dollars and a half, I’d like to know? said Mullins, rudely.
He wouldn’t care to be introduced to a stranger.  “So he puts on airs, does he?  “No; but he is rather a proud, reserved man.  “Thinks himself better than his fellow men, I suppose, sneered the gambler.
Woodhouse wanted a series of vulgar little thrills, as one tawdry mediocrity was imported from Nottingham or Birmingham to take the place of some tawdry mediocrity which Nottingham and Birmingham had already discarded.
Miss Frost also cried as if her heart would break, catching her indrawn breath with a strange sound of anguish, forlornness, the terrible crying of a woman with a loving heart, whose heart has never been able to relax.
She went round the side—and there she saw a man in his shirt-sleeves sitting crouched in the obscurity on the floor between the organ and the wall of the back, while a collapsed pair of steps lay between her and him.
“Sh! said Max, holding up his finger and looking anxiously at Alvina and Madame, who still leaned back with the stump of the thermometer jauntily perking up from her pursed mouth, while her face was rather ghastly.
“They belong to Kishwégin, so it is Kishwégin who gives them to you, because she is grateful to you for saving her life, or at least from a long illness.  “Oh—but I don’t want to take them— said Alvina.
Do you hear— charging upon the attendant women, who shrank against the wall—“she’s to have nothing alcoholic at all, and don’t let me catch you giving it her.  “They say there’s nobbut fower per cent.
She looked tender and beautiful in her still vagueness, and Ciccio, hovering about her, was beautiful too, his estrangement gave him a certain wistful nobility which for the moment put him beyond all class inferiority.
No constable shall compel any knight to give money in lieu of castle-guard, when he is willing to perform it in his own person, or (if he himself cannot do it from any reasonable cause) then by another responsible man.
His fundamental basis is the stock Horatian omne tulit punctum qui miscuit utile dulci, or as Harington paraphrases, for in verse is both goodness and sweetness, Rubarb and Sugarcandie, the pleasant and the profitable.
“We may have different religious beliefs, said he, “but we all belong to the same great father of humanity; just as children of different complexions, dispositions, and intellects may belong to one common parent.
Selecting from our supplies one small blanket, a felt mat, two long, stout ropes, enough food to last us two days, a bottle of cold tea, and a can of Turkish raki, we packed them into two bundles to strap on our backs.
It speaks well for the colonizing capacity of the Russians that they can be induced to come so many hundreds of miles from their native land, to settle in such a primitive way among the half-wild tribes of the steppes.
When this unequal Marriage Gave me from all my Joys, gave me from _Bellmour_; Your Wings were flag’d, your Torches bent to Earth, And all your little Bonnets veil’d your Eyes; You saw not, or were deaf and pitiless.
Mrs. Behn’s farce is derived from _Arlequin Empereur dans la Lune_, which was played in Paris by Guiseppe-Domenico Biancolelli, a famous Harlequin and the leading member of the Italian theatre there from 1660 to 1688.
The original Italian scenes from which the French farce is taken belonged to that impromptu Comedy, ‘Commedia dell’ Arte all’ Improviso,’ which so far from being printed was but rarely even committed to writing.
It was Biancolelli, however, who first brought it into favour and in whose lifetime it was actually printed, a rare honour, although doubtless it was owing to the great Gherardi that it retained and renewed its success.
“How much do you think his uncle offered me?  “I am surprised that he should have offered anything.  “He handed me twenty-five cents, but I told him I thought we could get along without it.  “And you will.
“I don’t care so much for the property, he said, “but I can’t bear to think of my mother’s life as being in danger.  “Probably your mother’s caution will serve her a good turn here also, said Wilson.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use of the Project Gutenberg trademark.
General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works  Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use of the Project Gutenberg trademark.
General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works  Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use of the Project Gutenberg trademark.
General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works  Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
This analysis of rhetoric into _inventio, dispositio, elocutio, memoria_, and _pronuntiatio_ is to all intents and purposes universal in classical rhetoric and must be understood to give one a valid idea of its content.
Rhetoric, says Thomasin, clothes our speech with beautiful colors,[117] and he gives as his authority, Tulljus, Quintiljan, Sidônjus, although Apollinaris Sidonius seems to be the only one of the trio he had ever read.
The influence of Bacon in favor of the sound rhetoric of Cicero and Quintilian, seconded by that of Jonson, finally did away with the mediaeval ideal of rhetoric as being one with aureate language and embroidered style.
Poetry is not to be scrupulously avoided by those who intend to be philosophers, but they are to make poetry a fitting school for philosophers, by forming the habit of seeking and gaining the profitable in the pleasant.
But there was little tendency to follow this to the conclusion of asserting that because poetry has a moral effect on the reader, it is the purpose of poetry as an art to exert this moral effect for the good of society.
- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm      License.
Even the Armenian muleteer so far overcame his fear of the Kurdish robbers as to indulge in one of his accustomed funeral dirges; but it stopped short, never to go again, when we came in sight of the Kurdish encampment.
From the Chu valley, dotted here and there with Kirghiz tent villages and their grazing flocks and herds, we pushed our wheels up the broken path, which wound like a mythical stairway far up into the low-hanging clouds.
Then dashing forward at full speed, they would spring to the ground, and leap back again into the saddle, or, hanging by their legs, would reach over and pick up a handkerchief, cap, or a soldier supposed to be wounded.
Toward this we plodded through the growing darkness and rapidly cooling atmosphere; for in its extremes of temperature the Gobi is at once both Siberian and Indian, and that, too, within the short period of a few hours.
But faith, I have laid aside all these Vanities, now I have thought of Matrimony; but I desire my Reformation may be a Secret, because, as you know, for a Man of my Address, and the rest--’tis not altogether so Jantee.
With this Proviso, that you make no Settlement to Misses, Sir _Timothy_--I am not so unreasonable to tie you up from all of that Profession; that were to spoil a fashionable Husband, and so put you quite out of Fop-road.
And thou blest Mirror, that hast oft beheld That Face, which Nature never made a fairer; Thou that so oft her Beauties back reflected, And made her know what wondrous power there lay In every Feature of that lovely Face.
My name is Walter Bruce.  “Then I should think your uncle’s house was the place for you.  “I have no money to pay for a bed.  “But, if you are a relation——  “That makes no difference to Silas Tripp.
On Monday morning I will go with you to the office of the real estate broker who is to employ you.  Chester passed Sunday pleasantly, going to church in the forenoon, and taking a walk with Mr. Conrad in the afternoon.
This boy, he added, significantly, “is a relative of yours, I believe.  “Yes.  “Will you give me an idea of what has been done during my absence?  Together the broker and the bookkeeper went over the books.
As far as I can hear, Abner Trimble’s plan is     this: He took a pal of his around to the house who had been in New     York recently, and the latter gave a circumstantial account of your     dying with typhoid fever.
He dreamed of silks and poplins, luscious in texture and of unforeseen exquisiteness: he dreamed of carriages of the “County arrested before his windows, of exquisite women ruffling charmed, entranced to his counter.
So he spread his rainbow wings towards the future, and began to say:  “When we’ve got the trams, I shall buy a new machine and finer lenses, and I shall extend my premises.  Mr. May did not talk business to Alvina.
But in the night she dreamed that Alexander, her first fiancé, was with her on the quay of some harbour, and was reproaching her bitterly, even reviling her, for having come too late, so that they had missed their ship.
“Nobody will come, because I am a man, and if somebody should see her at my house, they will all talk.  “Talk! Alvina looked at the deeply-lined man of sixty-six, “But what will they say?  “Many bad things.
Longinus praises her passion, and her masterful selection of images which realize it for the reader, while Dionysius, no less enthusiastic, points out that in the ode which he quotes there is not a single case of hiatus.
Now in the English middle ages, prosody had consistently been treated as a part of grammar, following the classical tradition; but in France prosody had regularly been discussed in treatises bearing the name of rhetoric.
Theophrastus, Aristotle's favorite student and successor as head of the school in Athens, wrote his _Characters_ to show how it was done, and did it with such ability as to elevate the school exercise to a literary form.
In his nine sections on poetry he says nothing about style, except to quote Oicero to the effect that the _Poet_ is the nearest Borderer upon the Orator, and expresseth all his vertues, though he be tyed more to numbers.
We frequently shared with them our frugal, and even scanty meals; and in turn they assisted us in our purchases and arrangements for lodgings, for their word, we found, was with the common people an almost unwritten law.
There are but few peaks in the world that rise so high (17,250 feet above sea-level) from so low a plain (2000 feet on the Russian, and 4000 feet on the Turkish, side), and which, therefore, present so grand a spectacle.
So much stronger is faith than sight; or rather so much stronger is prejudice than evidence.  We had expected, on our arrival in Bayazid, to find in waiting for us a Mr. Richardson, an American missionary from Erzerum.
On its projecting rocks, which extended nearer to the summit than those of any other part of the mountain, we could avoid the slippery, precipitous snow-beds that stretched far down the mountain at this time of the year.
Had we been traveling in the ordinary way, not only these favors might not have been shown us, but our project entirely defeated by local obstructions, as was the case with many who attempted the same journey by caravan.
In June of this year the following item appeared in the newspapers:  “Within a few months Peking will be united by wire with St. Petersburg; and, in consequence, with the telegraph system of the entire civilized world.
In order to punish her for her intolerable arrogance, Isabella, Francisco’s daughter by his former wife, who is designed to wed Antonio, is introduced to a chimney-sweep, Guiliom, masquerading as a noble of high degree.
Amintas _that true-hearted Swain   Upon a River’s bank was laid,   Where to the pitying streams he did complain   Of_ Sylvia _that false charming Maid,   But she was still regardless of his pain:   Oh faithless_ Sylvia!
Tom Dawkins, a country lout just arrived in London, is taken to the theatre to see the rehearsal, and ordinary comic scenes intermingled with provision for elaborate sets, as the opera proceeds, form the strangest jumble.
In the prologue to _The Fair Maid of the Inn_ (licensed 1626), good plays are spoken of as often scurvily treated, whilst      A Jigge shall be clapt at, and every rhime     Prais’d and applauded by a clam’rous chyme.
‘They were a List of Words that rhyme to one another drawn up by another Hand and given to a Poet, who was to make a Poem to the Rhymes in the same Order that they were placed on the List.’ --Addison, _Spectator_, No.
For if they should chance to turn up their little skirts, be sure they would raise a chorus among their companions: “Yah-h-h, yer’ve got Houghton’s threp’ny draws on!  All this time James Houghton walked on air.
For twenty years the strong, protective governess reared and tended her lamb, her dove, only to see the lamb open a wolf’s mouth, to hear the dove utter the wild cackle of a daw or a magpie, a strange sound of derision.
He loved to see the pence, like innumerable pillars of cloud, standing waiting to lead on into wildernesses of unopened resource, while the silver, as pillars of light, should guide the way down the long night of fortune.
By the law of the Pale Face, by the law of the Yenghees, by the law of the Fransayes, Walgatchka shall be husband-bear to Allaye, that day she lifts the door-curtain of his tent—  He rolled his eyes and looked around.
In the garden the snowballs, guelder-roses, swayed softly among green foliage, there was pink may-blossom, and single scarlet may-blossom, and underneath the young green of the trees, irises rearing purple and moth-white.
She sat in her chair, with cold wet feet, looking at the sunshine outside, the wet snow, the moving figures in the strong light, the men drinking at the counter, the cluster of peasant women bargaining for dress-material.
If the _Rhetoric ad Alexandrum_, at one time falsely attributed to Aristotle and incorporated in early editions of his works, is typical of the earliest Greek text-books, the failure of the others to survive is fortunate.
As a precaution against oversleeping, a watchman goes about just before daybreak, and makes a rousing clatter at the gate of every Mussulman’s house to warn him that if he wants anything to eat he must get it instanter.
When he produced his companions as witnesses before the authorities at Erivan, they turned against him, and solemnly swore that at the point which they had reached a higher peak stood between them and the western horizon.
We were now at a height of nine thousand feet, and it was our plan to camp at a point far enough up the mountain to enable us to complete the ascent on the following day, and return to the Kurdish encampment by nightfall.
From these he would occasionally fish out with his fingers some choice lamb _kebabh_ or cabbage _dolmah_, and have it passed over to his guests—an act which is considered one of the highest forms of Persian hospitality.
This we determined to cover, if possible, in one day, inasmuch as there was no intermediate stopping-place, and as we were not a little delighted by the idea of at last emerging from semi-barbarism into semi-civilization.
Tashkend, though nearly in the same latitude as New York, is so protected by the Alexandrovski mountains from the Siberian blizzards and the scorching winds of the Kara-Kum desert as to have an even more moderate climate.
Many a Kirghiz cavalcade was overtaken on the road, with long tent-ribs and felts tied upon the backs of two-humped camels, for the Bactrian dromedary has not been able to endure the severities of these Northern climates.
The European end of the line is at Osh, and a small stretch of about 140 miles now alone breaks the direct telegraph communication from the Atlantic to the Pacific.    [Illustration: CHINESE GRAVES ON THE ROAD TO HAMI.]
Wou’d I were in your room, Madam, I’d cut him out work enough, I’d warrant him; and if he durst impose on me, i’faith, I’d transform both his Shape and his Manners; in short, I’d try what Woman-hood cou’d do.
Or make most filthy Verses of me-- Under the name of _Cloris_--you _Philander_, Who in leud Rhimes confess the dear Appointment; What Hour, and where, how silent was the Night, How full of Love your Eyes, and wishing mine.
Yes, if any body durst hear him; by _Jove_, if you Be not kind to him, he’ll hector you all; I’ll get The way on’t too, ‘tis the most prosperous one; I see no Other reason you have to love _Alcander_ Better than I.
So, I have got rid of my Rival, and shall here get an Opportunity to speak with _Mopsophil_; for hither she must come anon, to lay the young Lady’s Night-things in order; I’ll hide my self in some Corner till she come.
And I pronounce, that being intoxicated with the sweet Eyes of this refulgent Lady, I come to tender her my noblest Particulars, being already most advantageously set up with the circumstantial Implements of my Occupation.
In Act v he sings a little song he has made on his Mistress: ‘As I gaz’d unaware, On a face so fair--.’ Sir Fopling Flutter is the hero of Etheredge’s masterpiece, _The Man of Mode; or, Sir Fopling Flutter_ (1676).
Inside of an hour Chester re-entered the office, accompanied by a sandy-complexioned stranger, his head covered with a broad, flapping, Western sombrero, and wearing a long, brown beard descending at least eighteen inches.
If he should lose his place, tell him I will take him back any time.  “I don’t think he would be satisfied to come back to Wyncombe after working in New York.  Silas Tripp returned to his house rather disappointed.
﻿The Project Gutenberg eBook of The Lost Girl, by D. H. Lawrence  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.
And so the little Woodhouse girls went to school in petties and drawers made of material which James had destined for fair summer dresses: petties and drawers of which the little Woodhouse girls were ashamed, for all that.
Why, one of her great accusations against me, at the last, was when she said: ‘I’ve looked round the larder,’ she said to me, ‘and seen it was quite empty, and I thought to myself: _Now_ he _can’t_ cook a supper!
He was a made man: and now he was really letting himself go, luxuriating in everything; above all, in Alvina, who poured tea gracefully from the old Georgian tea-pot, and smiled so pleasantly above the Queen Anne tea-cups.
By the road-side, peasant men in cloaks, peasant women in full-gathered dresses with white bodices or blouses having great full sleeves, tramped in the ridge of grass, driving cows or goats, or leading heavily-laden asses.
Suddenly, in the grey morning air, a wild music burst out: the drone of a bagpipe, and a man’s high voice half singing, half yelling a brief verse, at the end of which a wild flourish on some other reedy wood instrument.
People that have been imprisoned or outlawed in accordance with the law of the land, people from a country that is at war with us, and merchants - who shall be dealt with as stated above - are excepted from this provision.
Chapter IV  English Renaissance Ideas of the Purpose of Poetry    In England the Italian interpretations of the literary criticism of Greece and Rome made slow headway against the established traditions of the middle ages.
From this, however, we diverged at Zara, in order to visit the city of Kara Hissar, and the neighboring Lidjissy mines, which had been pioneered by the Genoese explorers, and were now being worked by a party of Englishmen.
The hot air begins to rise from the desert plain as the morning sun peeps over the horizon, and continues through the day; this warm current, striking against the snow-covered summit, is condensed into clouds and moisture.
“That, said he, “is an instrument for taking time by the sun. At this the box went the round, each one gazing intently into the lens, then scratching his head, and casting a bewildered look at his nearest neighbor.
We must make desperate efforts to reach the Kurdish encampment by nightfall; for during the last twenty-seven hours we had had nothing to drink but half a pint of tea, and our thirst by this time became almost intolerable.
When we reached them, they pulled us and our wheels quickly through into the inclosure, and then tried to stem the tide by belaboring the heads and shoulders in reach, including those of our unfortunate interpreter, Mafoo.
Nearly all the eastern section, from Ordos to the Yellow Sea, was rebuilt in the fifth century, and the double rampart along the northwest frontier of the plains of Peking was twice restored in the fifteenth and sixteenth.
A slice, uncivil Fellow,--as if this Beauty were for a bit and away;--Sir, a word,--if you will do me the favour, to recommend me to be first served up to the _Grand Seignior_, I shall remember the Civility when I am great.
He is discovered, unknown to himself, in his slummy retreat by Bredwel, Sir Cautious’ prentice, who has to convey him a message with reference to the expiration of the mortgage, and who reveals the secret to Lady Fulbank.
--’Tis a rude gust, and merits your reproaches: But yet the saucy Flame can ne’er controul That Adoration which I owe my Princess: That, with Religion, took possession here, And in my Prayers I mix with you the Deities.
‘Tis a Man’s Voice.--If it should be my Master the Doctor now, I were a dead Man;--he can’t see me; and I’ll put my self into such a Posture, that if he feel me, he shall as soon take me for a Church Spout as a Man.
Somewhat similar, though by no means such complete, examples may be seen in Orrery’s _Henry the Fifth_ (1664), at the commencement of Act iv, and again in the same author’s _The Black Prince_ (19 October, 1667), Act ii.
Doctor Graziano, or Baloardo Grazian, is a pedant, a philosopher, grammarian, rhetorician, astronomer, cabalist, a savant of the first water, boasting of his degree from Bologna, trailing the gown of that august university.
You need the money, and you might hire another house, or pay rent for this.  “Do you know of anyone that wants to buy it, Mr. Tripp?  “Mebbe I’d buy it myself, jest to help you along, answered Silas, cautiously.
Father doesn’t give me much spending money—only twenty-five cents a week, and what’s a fellow to do with such a beggarly sum as that?  “It is more than I had at your age.  “The world has progressed since then.
I will follow your advice.  “I would rather be in your position, old and poor as you are, than in his.  “Chester, added Mr. Perkins, as they walked on, “this Ralston is a more contemptible rascal than I thought.
She was steering the poor domestic ship of Manchester House, illuminating its dark rooms with her own sure, radiant presence: her silver-white hair, and her pale, heavy, reposeful face seemed to give off a certain radiance.
You—are you married?  “Yes.  “Your wife here?  “My wife is in London.  “And children—?  “A daughter.  Madame slowly nodded her head up and down, as if she put thousands of two-and-two’s together.
“Salute your slave, the tame bear Walgatchka, who is a wild bear for all except Allaye and his brother Pacohuila the Puma. Geoffrey growled realistically as a wild bear as he kneeled before Alvina, presenting his cheek.
And again there was a jerk and a sudden halt, a drowsy mutter from the sleepers, somebody uncovering the light, and somebody covering it again, somebody looking out, somebody tramping down the corridor, the child screaming.
It is to approach the subject first from one point of view and then from the other because it was in fact thus approached successively, and because also the intention of the successive writers can thus be better understood.
Although Aristotle, with philosophical caution, was careful to state that the function of rhetoric is not to persuade but to discover the available means of persuasion,[39] his successors were more direct, if less accurate.
Before they were aware of our presence, we uttered the usual salutation “Sabala khayr olsun. This startled some little boys who were playing in the corner, who yelled, and ran into the haremlük, or women’s apartment.
He was evidently a firm believer in predestination, as he remarked that God had foreordained our trip to that country, even the food we were to eat, and the invention of the extraordinary “cart on which we were to ride.
“Boys, said he, despondently, “I cannot reach the top; I have not rested during the night, and I am now falling asleep on my feet; besides, I am very much fatigued. This came almost like a sob from a breaking heart.
The argillaceous dust accumulated on the Kasveen plain by the weathering of the surrounding uplands resembles in appearance the “yellow earth of the Hoang Ho district in China, but remains sterile for the lack of water.
As we dashed by to the front with the American and Russian flags fluttering side by side from the handle-bars, cheer after cheer arose from the ranks, and even the governor and his party doffed their caps in acknowledgment.
After refreshments in the palace, to which we were invited by the viceroy, we were counseled to leave by a rear door, and return by a roundabout way to the inn, leaving the mob to wait till dark for our exit from the front.
man, what do you expect on the Gobi? We would have to be content with our own tea made in the iron pot, fitting in the top of the mud oven, and a kind of sweetened bread made up with our supply of sugar brought from Hami.
No, nor is it possible I shou’d, this Devil haunts me so from room to room, like my evil Genius to prevent that Good; oh, for an opportunity of one kind Minute to return Acknowledgments for this kind Letter he has sent me.
The doctor, however, who has been hastily summoned to the bedside of his brother, reported dying, returns a moment after he has set out for a key which has been accidently dropped from his bunch and finds Cinthio and Elaria.
_The Emperor of the Moon_, which is certainly as Lowe says ‘one of the best pantomimic farces ever seen’ on the English boards at any rate, was produced with great success at the Duke’s Theatre, Dorset Garden, in 1687.
In abundance, Sir: the Famous _Garamanteen_, a young _Italian_, Sir, lately come from thence, gives an account of an excellent _Scaturigo_, that has lately made an Ebulation there, in great Reputation with the Lunary Ladies.
The allusion is to Lord Howard of Esrick, who, having been imprisoned in the Tower on a charge connected with the so-called Popish Plot, to prove his innocence took the Sacrament according to the rites of the English church.
The editor has appended the following note: ‘Ceux qui ont vù cette Scène, conviendront que c’est une des plus plaisantes qu’on ait jamais jouée sur le _Théâtre Italien_.’  p. 408 _a Man that laugh’d to death_.
I suppose you don’t know where it is?  “No, sir.  “Felix, go with him and show him the way.  Chester was quite amazed at this unusual and unexpected kindness on the part of a man whom he had regarded as an enemy.
His face was sober, for, after his interview with Chester Rand—he had not had time for a second call—he began to fear that he should have to pay his month’s rent over again, and this to him would involve a severe loss.
He remained a week in Tacoma, and before the end of that time all arrangements were perfected, and he found himself the owner of seven lots, more or less eligible, in addition to the two he had reserved in the original plot.
Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.
He had worked himself into a state of nervous apprehension such as nothing would have justified, unless perhaps, if the wooden walls of the Endeavour had burnt to the ground, with James inside victimized like another Samson.
So she loitered unwillingly at her window high over the grey, hard, cobbled street, and saw her landlady hastening along the black asphalt pavement, her dirty apron thrown discreetly over what was most obviously a quart jug.
And he would run out of the houses of his patients, and find her sitting there, and he would get in beside her and feel so snug and so sure and so happy as she drove him off to the next case, he informing her about his work.
Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.
Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm collection.
Aristotle recommends as the ideal tragic hero a man not preeminently good nor unusually depraved, but a man between these extremes; for pity is aroused by unmerited misfortune, fear by the misfortune of a man like ourselves.
When Isidore of Seville (†633 or 636), for instance, was compiling his book of universal knowledge, the _Etymologiae_, he incorporated his section on the poets in the chapter entitled _Concerning the Church and the Sects_.
Leaving our wheels outside, we entered the first door we came to, and, following along a narrow passageway, emerged into a room where four rather rough-looking shepherds were ladling the soup from a huge bowl in their midst.
Others were busy making butter in a churn which was nothing more than a skin vessel three feet long, of the shape of a Brazil-nut, suspended from a rude tripod; this they swung to and fro to the tune of a weird Kurdish song.
During the evening we frequently found ourselves surrounded by a concourse of these mountain beauties, who would sit and stare at us with their black eyes, call attention to our personal oddities, and laugh among themselves.
Even after our meal was served, we would keep a sharp lookout upon the unblushing pilferers around us, who had called to pay their respects, and to fill the room with clouds of smoke from their chibouks and gurgling kalians.
The mountain freshets, dissolving the salt from their sandy channels, carry it down in solution and deposit it with evaporation in massive layers, forming a comparatively hard roadway in the midst of the shifting sand-dunes.
The next morning a squad of soldiers was despatched to raise the siege, and at the same time presents began to arrive from the various officials, from the Tsongtu, or viceroy, down to the superintendent of the local prisons.
The postponement of our engagement at this late hour threatened to prove rather awkward, inasmuch as we had already purchased our steamship tickets for Shanghai, to sail on the _Fei-ching_ at five o’clock the next morning.
and worse than that, am married to a Thing, fit only for his Tomb; a Brute, who wanting sense to value me, treats me more like a Prisoner than a Wife?--and his Pretence is, because I should not see nor hear from Don _Carlos_.
How generous these Lords are; nay, my Lord, you must not refuse a Father’s Love, if I may presume to call you Son--I shall find enough besides for my Ransom, if the Tyrant be so unmerciful to ask more than my Wife pays him.
Now have I a curiosity to see it--I am his Servant--give it me--[_Gives it him, and Exit_.--Perhaps here may be the second part of my Tragedy, I’m full of Mischief, _Charles_--and have a mind to see this Fellow’s Secrets.
I cannot, Sir, repent of what I’ve said, Since all the errors which I have committed Are what my passion to your interest led me to, But yet I beg your Highness would recal That sense which would persuade you ‘tis unjust.
Thy Soul, I thought, was all so; but I see You have your weakness, can dissemble too; --I would have sworn that Sorrow in your face Had been a real one: Nay, you can die in jest, you can, false Woman: I hate thy Sex for this.
“Sit down, sir, she said, “and I’ll make some hot tea, and that with some bread and butter and cold meat will refresh you.  “Thank you, ma’am, I ain’t over-partial to tea, and my doctor tells me I need whisky.
“Have you seen Chester Rand lately?  “I saw him last evening at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.  “Why did you discharge him?  “I thought him unfit for his place.  “There may be a difference of opinion on that point.
And then, hurrying, he dashed to the Midland Station, and then to the Great Central Station, asking the porters on the London departure platform if they had seen his pal, a man with a yellow bicycle, and a black bicycle cape.
Where have you—?  “Buckled my front wheel at Durbeyhouses.  “Come off?  “Hé!  “Hurt?  “Nothing.  “Max is all right.  “Merde!  “Come on, come back with me.  “Nay. Ciccio shook his head.
Recklessly, he had his will of her—but deliberately, and thoroughly, not rushing to the issue, but taking everything he wanted of her, progressively, and fully, leaving her stark, with nothing, nothing of herself—nothing.
And now he looked forward to the treat of his life: hanging round the woman he had made his wife, following her about, feeling proud of her and his house, talking to her from morning till night, really finding himself in her.
There was green hellebore too, a fascinating plant—and one or two little treasures, the last of the rose-coloured Alpine cyclamens, near the earth, with snake-skin leaves, and so rose, so rose, like violets for shadowiness.
One cannon is fired at dusk, to announce the time to break the fast by eating supper, another at midnight to arouse the people for the preparation of breakfast, and still another at daylight as a signal for resuming the fast.
Even as early as July we saw no stream below 6000 feet, and even above this height the mountain freshets frequently flowed far beneath the surface under the loosely packed rocks, bidding defiance to our efforts to reach them.
A general permission to travel from Tashkend to the Pacific coast, through southern Siberia, could be obtained from St. Petersburg only, and that only through the chief executive of the province through which we were passing.
Not to be laught at; ‘tis not the Mode to love much; A Platonick Fop I have heard of, but this is an Age of sheer Enjoyment, and little Love goes to that; we have found it incommode, and loss of time, to make long Addresses.
Only to cuckold me a little,--get you in,--where I will swear thee by Bell, Book and Candle,--get you in, I say,--go, go,--I’ll watch for your Lover, and tell him how unkind he was to stay so long, I will.--           [_Ex_.
Well, I’ll not stand with you for a Trifle--Being come up, I’ll open the Casement, take you by the Heels, and sling you out into the Street; after which, you have no more to do, but to come up and throw me down in my turn.
also _Absalom’s IX Worthies_:--      Then prophane Nadab, that hates all sacred things,     And on that score abominateth kings;     With Mahomet wine he damneth, with intent     To erect his Paschal-lamb’s-wool-Sacrament.
xxii: ‘The invention of that fine silke, tiffanie, sarcenet, and cypres, which instead of apparell to cover and hide, shew women naked through them.’ All subsequent editions to 4to 1671, read ’.affety’ in this passage.
Why don’t you set your cap for him?  Mrs. Rand smiled, as her imagination conjured up the weazened and wrinkled face of the village storekeeper, with his gray hair standing up straight on his head like a natural pompadour.
“Generally they have been brought up to work, and work more earnestly than the city boys.  When the supper table was cleared, Mr. Conrad took from his valise two or three of the latest issues of _Puck_, _Judge_ and _Life_.
It would have looked strange if I had stayed with them after all.  “I would have found a way, but you are not smart.  Felix did not make any reply, being content with having deceived his cousin as to Mr. Perkins’ gift.
He looked to Mr. Trimble as if for a suggestion, and the latter nodded impatiently, and shaped his mouth to mean “anything.  “He was tendin’ a pool room, ma’am, said Floyd, with what he thought a lucky inspiration.
At first, of course, he merely marked down, with discretion, his less-expensive stock of prints and muslins, nuns-veilings and muslin delaines, with a few fancy braidings and trimmings in guimp or bronze to enliven the affair.
Could you tell me the way?  When, after an hour’s painful walk, Mr. May came to Bullwell Station and found there was no train till six in the evening, he felt he was earning every penny he would ever get from Mr. Houghton.
the feeling that they, the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras, herself included, must be monsters of hideous vice, to have provoked all this: and yet the sane knowledge that they, none of them, _were_ monsters of vice; this was quite killing.
And after an imaginative passage from the lost _Phaethon_, of the same author, he says:    Would you not say that the soul of the writer treads the car with the   driver, and shares the peril, and wears wings as the horses do?
In effect there was a tendency for the late Latin writers to ignore those elements of structure and movement wherein poetry and oratory most differ, and stress unduly the elements of style wherein they have the most in common.
Aristotle mentions Euripides about twenty times in the _Poetics_, and frequently criticises him adversely, not, however, for his evil moral influence, but because he uses his choruses badly, and is faulty in character-drawing.
For Whetstone asserts that in his comedy he has intermingled all actions in such sorte as the grave matter may instruct, and the pleasant delight ... and the conclusion showes the confusion of Vice and the cherising of Vertue.
In the interval we were the invited guests of a district kadi, a venerable-looking and genial old gentleman whose acquaintance we had made in an official visit on the previous day, as he was then the acting _caimacam_ (mayor).
Notwithstanding the scarcity of snow-freshets, there is a middle zone on Mount Ararat, extending from about 5000 feet to 9000 feet elevation, which is covered with good pasturage, kept green by heavy dews and frequent showers.
Immediately after leaving the encampment, the ascent became steeper and more difficult; the small volcanic stones of yesterday now increased to huge obstructing boulders, among which the donkeys with difficulty made their way.
Evidently our English conversation had gained for us the covert reputation of being English spies, and this was verified in the minds of our hosts when we began to ask questions about the city prisons we had passed on our way.
She hitherto has been absent at _Sevil_, but Expectation of her Daughter-in-law’s Wedding with you has brought ‘em hither,--and, I ask your Pardon, _Antonio_, for raillying your Father-in-law that shall be, old _Francisco_.
a Woman of my Beauty, and five Thousand Pound, marry a Merchant--a little, petty, dirty-heel’d Merchant; faugh, I’d rather live a Maid all the days of my life, or be sent to a Nunnery, and that’s Plague enough I’m sure.
if I did believe Thou could’st to such a thought a credit give, I would the interest of a Father quit, And you, _Erminia_, have no need of it: Without his aid you can a Husband chuse; Gaining the Prince you may a Father lose.
Then_ Silvia _be wise--be wise--be wise,   Though Painting and Dressing for awhile are Supplies,         And may--surprise--     But when the Fire’s going out in your Eyes,     It twinkles, it twinkles, it twinkles, and dies.
He doesn’t come into the office when Mr. Fairchild is at home.  “Do you know anything about him?  “I know—that is, I have heard that he is a well-known gambler.  “By the great horn spoon, if I didn’t think so!
Are you willing to work exclusively for _The Phoenix_?  “Yes, sir; that is, if I may be allowed to complete a contract I have made.  “What sort of a contract?  “I am illustrating Prof. Hazlitt’s ethnological work.
At such times his beautifully modulated voice all but sang, his grey eyes gleamed fiercely under his bushy, hairy eyebrows, his pale face with its side-whiskers had a strange _lueur_, his long thin hands fluttered occasionally.
Louis and Geoffrey did a farce dialogue, two foreigners at the same moment spying a purse in the street, struggling with each other and protesting they wanted to take it to the policeman, Ciccio, who stood solid and ridiculous.
And then he thinks that now you have money—now your father is dead— here Madame glanced apprehensively at the closed door—“and they all like money, yes, very much, all Italians—  “Do they? said Alvina, scared.
(41) All merchants may enter or leave England unharmed and without fear, and may stay or travel within it, by land or water, for purposes of trade, free from all illegal exactions, in accordance with ancient and lawful customs.
Poetic as Part of Rhetoric   Just as rhetoric is justly carried over into poetic when in the realization of a character or situation a speech must be made or conduct rationalized, so poetic is constantly utilized by the orator.
Most of his time is occupied with the business of his silk-factory on the outskirts of Tashkend, and at his farm near Hodjent, which a certain firm in Chicago, at the time of our sojourn, was stocking with irrigating machinery.
In the lonely stillness of its twilight a horseman was approaching across the barren plain, bearing a huge Chinese lantern in his hand, and singing aloud, as is a Chinaman’s custom, to drive off the evil spirits of the night.
Fields of rice and the opium poppy were sometimes met with, but of the silk-worm and tea-plant, which furnish the great staples of the Chinese export trade, we saw absolutely nothing on our route through the northern provinces.
As we crossed the river, the bridge of boats so creaked and swayed beneath the rushing rabble, that we were glad to stand once more upon the terra firma of the city streets, which were here paved with granite and marble blocks.
‘Twere pity my young Master shou’d be unhappy in a Wife; for he is the sweetest-natur’d Gentleman--But one Comfort is, Mr. _Charles_, you, and your Sister Mrs. _Phillis_, will have your Portions assign’d you if he marry.
I’d rather hear thee swear, thou art my Foe, And like some noble and romantick Maid With Poniards wou’d my stubborn Heart invade; And whilst thou dost the faithful Relique tear, In every Vein thoud’st find _Celinda_ there.
I say, I’ll have it _Mars_, there’s more Thunder in the Sound: I say, by _Mars_, these Gallies are pretty neat convenient Tenements--but a--I see ne’er a Chimney in ‘em:--Pox on’t, what have I to do with a Chimney now?
Tells Fortunes too!--nay, I thought he dealt with the Devil --Well, Gentlemen, you are all wide o’ this Matter--for to tell you the Truth--he deals with the Devil, Gentlemen --otherwise he could never have redeem’d his Land.
Yet you may take my word without an Oath, Were you as old as Time, and I were young and gay As _April_ Flowers, which all are fond to gather; My Beauties all should wither in the Shade, E’er I’d be worn in a dishonest Bosom.
], explaining that he was “old and feeble, and could not long survive, and this is nearly all he had to say till the very end, where he was in great force as the kind old man who unites the couples and speaks the last words.
Sir, I am so pleas’d, so truly pleas’d with it, That Heaven, without this Blessing on my Prince, Had found but little trouble from my thanks, For all they have shower’d on me; ’.was all I wisht, next my Pretensions here.
and those things which ought to be the greatest Mysteries in Religion, and so rarely the Business of Discourse, are turn’d into Ridicule, and look but like so many fanatical Stratagems to ruine the Pulpit as well as the Stage.
‘Twas this that occasion’d so many Admirable Plays heretofore, as Shakespear’s, Fletcher’s_, and _Johnson’s_, and ‘twas this alone that made the Town able to keep so many Play-houses alive, who now cannot supply one.
_Then she that Constancy profess’d   Was but a well Dissembler at the best;   And that imaginary Sway   She feign’d to give, in seeming to obey,   Was but the height of prudent Art,   To deal with greater liberty her Heart_.
This allusion must almost certainly be to a recent revival of _Measure for Measure_, which particular play had been amongst those set aside by the regulation of 12 December, 1660, as the special property of Davenant’s theatre.
By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
Chester Rand was the son of a widow, who lived in a tiny cottage about fifty rods west of the Presbyterian church, of which, by the way, Silas Tripp was senior deacon, for he was a leader in religious as well as secular affairs.
I have to go away to-morrow morning, and wish to see a little of the town while I am here.  “Where do you live, Mr. Conrad?  “In the city of New York.  “Are you a minister, too?  “Oh, no! laughed the young man.
1.  “I have no doubt of it, but I don’t trade there much yet.  “No; you must wait till you have realized on your Western lots.  They turned down Fourteenth Street, and soon stood in front of Mr. Fairchild’s office.
“Mother, said Edward, “I have not yet had a chance to introduce to you my friend, Chester Rand, of New York.  “I am very glad to welcome any friend of yours, Edward.  “You have reason to do so in this case, mother.
By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
Miss Pinnegar— and he bowed stiffly in the direction of the stairs—“your health, and a _good night’s rest_.  After which, giggling gaily, he seated himself at the head of the table and began to carve the cold mutton.
The sense of the bigness of the lands about her, the excitement of travelling with Continental people, the pleasantness of her coffee and rolls and honey, the feeling that vast events were taking place—all this stimulated her.
By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
We will not by reason of any small serjeanty which any one may hold of us by the service of rendering to us knives, arrows, or the like, have wardship of his heir of the land which he holds of another lord by knight’s service.
By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
But I would either find some supernaturall cause whereby my penne might walke in the superlative degree, or els I would undertake to answer for any imperfection that shee hath, and thereupon rayse the prayse of hir commendacion.
By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
Again we were besieged with entreaties to ride, and, hoping that this would gain for us a comfortable night’s rest, we yielded, and, amid peals of laughter from a crowd of Turkish peasants, gave an exhibition in the moonlight.
In consequence, Raffl and we were compelled to carry two donkey-loads of baggage for half a mile over the snow-beds and boulders, followed by the sulking muleteer, who had deserted his donkeys, rather than be left alone himself.
Finally we reached a sluggish river, but did not dare to satisfy our thirst, except by washing out our mouths, and by taking occasional swallows, with long intervals of rest, in one of which we fell asleep from sheer exhaustion.
The land is too valuable to be devoted to pasture, and the forests nearly everywhere have been sacrificed to tillage to such an extent that the material for the enormously thick native coffins has now to be imported from abroad.
The government raises large sums from the import duty on opium, and tacitly connives at its cultivation in most of the provinces, where the traders and mandarins share between them the profits of this officially prohibited drug.
By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™ electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
is to marry me your other daughter _Clara_, and to exasperate me, wou’d never let me be at quiet till he had got both of us hither to _Cadiz_, to grace his Wedding; a Pox of his Invitation, was I so civil to invite him to mine?
Meddle with your matters--let me see, the Caudle Cup that _Molly’s_ Grandmother left her, will pawn for about that sum--I’ll sneak it out--well, Sir, you shall have your things presently--trouble not your head, but expect me.
By all the Powers above, by this dear Hand, And by this Ring, which on this Hand I place, On which I’ve sworn Fidelity to Love; I never had a Wish or soft Desire To any other Woman, Since _Julia_ sway’d the Empire of my Soul.
I was like to have run mad once, reading Sir _John Mandevil_;--but to the business,--I went, as you know, to Don _Cinthio’s_ Lodgings, where I found him with his dear Friend _Charmante_, laying their Heads together for a Farce.
http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06      (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,      98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)  EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are filed in a different way.
You don’t happen to have any whisky in the house, do you?  “This is a temperance house, said Chester, “we never keep whisky.  “Well, maybe I can get along with the tea, sighed the tramp, in evident disappointment.
here’s a handkerchief, said Mr. Tripp, taking the article from the top of a flour barrel, “and yes, by gracious, it’s marked Chester Rand.  “You don’t think he took the money? ejaculated Abel, in open-eyed wonder.
On Monday morning Mr. Fairchild left the office and took the Sixth Avenue Elevated train to Cortlandt Street station, from which it is only five minutes’ walk to the ferry connecting with the train on the Pennsylvania Railroad.
What sort of a man is Mr. Fairchild?  “A very kind, considerate man, but I forgot to say that you won’t see him.  “But I thought he sent you to call on me?  “No, sir; Mr. Fairchild started for the West this morning.
You can have a little scientific conversation before dinner.  “It will be the science of baseball and tennis, I suspect, Arthur.  “No doubt you will find me very instructive.  “You always are, Arthur.  “Thank you.
I’m sorry for you, widder.  “Thank you, Mr. Tripp, but there’s no occasion.  “You’ll be rather put to it to get along, I reckon.  “Still, I have good friends in Wyncombe, said Mrs. Rand, smiling mischievously.
He had a taste for elegant conversation and elegant literature and elegant Christianity: a tall, thin, brittle young man, rather fluttering in his manner, full of facile ideas, and with a beautiful speaking voice: most beautiful.
In his doorway, protruding on James’ sensitive vision, was a pyramid of sixpence-halfpenny tins of salmon, red, shiny tins with pink halved salmons depicted, and another yellow pyramid of four-pence-halfpenny tins of pineapple.
And commanding all, a stout column of half-crowns, a few stoutish and important florin-figures, like general and colonels, then quite a file of shillings, like so many captains, and a little cloud of silvery lieutenant sixpences.
He was naked to the waist, wore scalp-fringed trousers, was dusky-red-skinned, had long black hair and eagle’s feathers—only two feathers—and a face wonderfully and terribly painted with white, red, yellow, and black lines.
She wished he wouldn’t tilt the flap of his black hat over one eye, and she wished there wasn’t quite so much waist-line in the cut of his coat, and that he didn’t smoke cigarettes against the end of his nose in the street.
He would loiter about with her, they would loiter down the garden looking at every new flower and every new fruit, she would wear fresh flowery dresses and no cap on her hair, he would never be able to tear himself away from her.
The custom of public readings by the author encouraged clever writing and a declamatory manner,[104] even had the poets not received their education in the only popular institutions of higher instruction--the declamation schools.
If as much attention were devoted in England to poetry as to oratory, he thinks, poetry would be in as good state as her sister Rhetoricall _Eloquution_, as they were by byrth Twyns, by kinde the same, by original of one descent.
That to Dante, however, all but the literal sense naturally coalesced as the allegorical is quite clear from the close of the chapter and from the letter to Can Grande, in which he discusses the interpretations of his _Commedia_.
Lodge, Sidney and the other defenders of poetry retorted that poetry had a noble function--the teaching of morality, and that an occasional poem which did not serve this purpose did not invalidate the claims of poetry as a whole.
http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06      (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,      98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)  EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are filed in a different way.
Its fertile soil, and the luxuriant vegetation it supports, are, as we afterward learned, in striking contrast with the sterile plateaus and mountains of the interior, many parts of which are as desolate as the deserts of Arabia.
On we pedaled at an increased rate, in order to precede, if possible, the approaching darkness; for although traditionally the land of a double dawn, Persia has only one twilight, and that closely merged into sunset and darkness.
A Russian Cossack, who had just come over the snow-capped Ala Tau, “of the Shade, from Fort Narin, was also present, and from the frequent glances cast at the fisherman’s daughter we soon discovered the object of his visit.
On the other hand we have learned that there is a society of Chinamen who are vegetarians from choice, and still another that will eat the meat of no animal, such as the ass, horse, dog, etc., which can serve man in a better way.
The sleeping _kangs_ of the Chinese inns, which are made of beaten earth and heated in winter like an oven, harbor these pests the year round, not to mention the filthy coverlets and greasy pillows that were sometimes offered us.
All the sewage of the towns is carried out every morning at daybreak by special coolies, to be preserved for manure; while the dried herbs, straw, roots, and other vegetable refuse, are economized with the greatest care for fuel.
Why, an old Knight, and Alderman here o’th’ City, Sir _Feeble Fainwou’d_, a jolly old Fellow, whose Activity is all got into his Tongue, a very excellent Teazer; but neither Youth nor Beauty can grind his Dudgeon to an Edge.
Harlequin shortly after makes his entry as an ambassador from the celestial spheres to confirm this news, and as Baliardo, overjoyed, is conversing with him strains of music are heard to herald the arrival of the lunar potentates.
In humbler Comedy we next appear, No Fop or Cuckold, but slap-dash we had him here; We showed you all, but you malicious grown,       | Friends Vices to expose, and hide your own;       | Cry, damn it--This is such, or such a one.
He has obtained a place for me in a real estate office at five dollars a week.  “I think I could live on five dollars a week.  “I suppose it costs considerable to live in New York.  Chester felt no apprehension, however.
He was sure he should succeed, and, indeed, he had reason to feel encouraged, for had he not already engaged two hundred dollars’ worth of work?—and this sum seemed as much to him as two thousand would have done to Mr. Conrad.
I hope, however, that no such emergency will arise.  Chester asked himself whether it was his duty to apprise Mr. Fairchild of his seeing Mullins in intimate companionship with a gambler, but, on the whole, decided not to do so.
If a bomb had exploded in the office David Mullins and his friend Ralston could not have been more astonished than by the appearance of Paul Perkins, whose name was invented without the slightest idea that any such person existed.
Then it was that the detective saw Ralston come up, and, while apparently watching the window also, thrust his hand into the pocket of the office boy and withdraw the package of money, which he at once slipped into his own pocket.
* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of   any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the   electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of   receipt of the work.
* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of   any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the   electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of   receipt of the work.
We will not by reason of any small serjeancy which anyone may hold of us by the service of rendering to us knives, arrows, or the like, have wardship of his heir or of the land which he holds of another lord by knight’s service.
* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of   any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the   electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of   receipt of the work.
The comparative size and prosperity of Sivas, in the midst of rather barren surroundings, are explained by the fact that it lies at the converging point of the chief caravan routes between the Euxine, Euphrates, and Mediterranean.
Two years later, on our arrival home, we received a letter explaining that on his way from Van he had been captured by Kurdish brigands, and held a prisoner until released through the intervention of the British consul at Erzerum.
Although a mere circular rib framework covered with white or brown felt, according as the occupant is rich or poor, the Kirghiz kibitka, or more properly _yurt_, is not as a house builded upon the sand, even in the fiercest storm.
It was owing to this scantiness of wardrobe that we were obliged when taking a bath by the roadside streams to make a quick wash of our linen, and put it on wet to dry, or allow it to flutter from the handle-bars as we rode along.
It was only at the request of the innkeeper that we sometimes undertook the job of cleaning out the inn-yard; but this, with the prevalent superstition about the “withering touch of the foreigner, was very easily accomplished.
But there’s Conveniency in it; besides, the Match being as good as made up by the old Folks in the Country, I must submit--The Wench I never saw yet, but they say she’s handsom--But no matter for that, there’s Money, my Boys.
Come, come, Ladies, in troth you must take but little Rest to Night, in complaisance to the Bride and Bridegroom, who, I believe, will take but little--_Frank_--why, _Frank_--what, hast thou chang’d thy Humour with thy Condition?
Thou art that Winter-storm that nips my Bud; All my young springing Hopes, my gay Desires, The prospect of approaching Joys of Love, Thou in a hapless Minute hast took from me, And in its room, Hast given me an eternal Desperation.
Shou’dst thou stab here a thousand gaping Wounds, Upon this false, this perjur’d Heart of mine, It wou’d not part with Life, unless ‘twere laid Near to the Sacred Altar of my Vows, Low at the Feet of my fair injur’d Wife.
Dear me no Dears: wou’d your old Mother were alive, she wou’d have strapt your Just-au-corps, for puleing after Cavaliers and Nobleman, i’faith, that wou’d she; a Citizen’s Daughter, and would be a _Madona_--in good time.
I cannot omit to tell you, that a Wit of the Town, a Friend of mine at Wills Coffee House, the first Night of the Play, cry’d it down as much as in him lay, who before had read it and assured me he never ‘saw a prettier Comedy.
If she be dead, the fitter she’s for me, She’ll now be coy no more, nor cry I cannot love, And frown and blush, when I but kiss her hand: Now I shall read no terror in her Eyes, And what is better yet, shall ne’er be jealous.
But when Scaramouch and Harlequin fight a ridiculous duel, in which the former wins, for the favour of Mopsophil, the doctor discovers the whole trick, to wit, that the lunar courtiers are in reality his own friends and neighbours.
None the less ‘I have acted’, he asserts, ‘several Parts of Household-stuff with great Applause for many years: I am one of the Men in the Hangings in the _Emperour of the Moon_.’ [The allusion is of course to Act ii, III.]
I’d bounce him very quick.  “He has been with Mr. Fairchild five years and understands his business thoroughly.  “Well, there is something in that; but I wouldn’t like to have in my employ a man whom I couldn’t trust.
Friday evening came, and with it a revelation in Houghton’s window: the first piqués, the first strangely-woven and honey-combed toilet covers and bed quilts, the first frill-caps and aprons for maid-servants: a wonder in white.
So the days and weeks and months slipped by, and Alvina was hidden like a mole in the dark chambers of Manchester House, busy with cooking and cleaning and arranging, getting the house in her own order, and attending to her pupils.
They expect tea and bread-and-butter for fourpence, and cake for sixpence, and apricots or pineapple for ninepence, and ham-and-tongue for a shilling, and fried ham and eggs and jam and cake as much as they can eat for one-and-two.
So he never wanted to be seen out-of-doors with Alvina; if he met her in the street he bowed and passed on: bowed very deep and reverential, indeed, but passed on, with his little back a little more strutty and assertive than ever.
Moreover, the most important classical treatises on the theory of poetry--by Aristotle and Longinus--were almost unknown throughout the middle ages, and the rhetorical writings of Cicero and Quintilian were known only in fragments.
At the base of Kosse Dagh, which stands upon the watershed between the two largest rivers of Asia Minor, the Kizil Irmak and Yeshil Irmak, our road was blocked by a mountain freshet, which at its height washed everything before it.
If we were to be debarred from a northern route, we would have to attempt a passage into India either through Afghanistan, which we were assured by all was quite impossible, or across the deserts of southern Persia and Baluchistan.
Faith, Sir, that’s but a poor Revenge, and which every Footman may take of his Lady, who has turn’d him away for filching--You know, Sir, Windows are frail, and will yield to the lusty Brickbats; ‘tis an Act below a Gentleman.
a stinking proud Flirt, who because she has a tawdry Petticoat, I warrant you, will think her self so much above us, when if she were set out in her own natural Colours, and her original Garments, wou’d be much below us in Beauty.
No, I have one prevention left, and if that fail, I’ll utterly refuse to marry her, a thing so vainly proud; no Laws of Nature or Religion, sure, can bind me to say yes; and for my Fortune, ‘tis my own, no Father can command it.
Let me see--here is the Watch, I took it up to keep for him--but his sending has inspir’d me with a sudden Stratagem, that will do better than Force, to secure the poor trembling _Leticia_--who, I am sure, is dying with her Fears.
No, were you born an humble Village-Maid, That fed a Flock upon the neighbouring Plain; With all that shining Vertue in your Soul, By Heaven, I wou’d adore you--love you--wed you-- Though the gay World were lost by such a Nuptial.
--But for thy faithless Hope, I ‘ad murder’d him, Even when the holy Priest was marrying them, And offer’d up the reeking Sacrifice To th’.ods he kneel’d to, when he took my price; By all their Purity I would have don’t.
Tripp, it will give me pleasure if you will go out and take lunch with me.  “Well, I am sure you’re very polite, said Silas, pleased to think he would be saved expense; “I’m much obliged.  So the two went out together.
Whereas Dame Fortune, even in London or Vienna, let alone in Woodhouse, was a vulgar woman of the middle and lower middle-class, ready to put her heavy foot on anything that was not vulgar, machine-made, and appropriate to the herd.
Kishwégin does not exist till Thursday, as the English demoiselle makes it. She held out her hand, faintly perfumed with eau de Cologne—the whole room smelled of eau de Cologne—and Max stooped his brittle spine and kissed it.
It so happened that that very morning she saw on the notice-board of the library an announcement that the Borough Council wished to engage the services of an experienced maternity nurse, applications to be made to the medical board.
On the one hand Wackernagel, who believes that the function of poetry is to convey ideas in concrete and sensuous images and the function of prose to inform the intellect, asserts that prose drama and didactic poetry are inartistic.
Imitation, then, to him, meant a conscious selection and plastic mastery of the sense impressions stored as images by the image-forming faculty of the author, whose writings are addressed to the imagination of the reader or auditor.
If I should disclose my pretence in love, I would eyther make a strange   discourse of some intollerable passion, or finde occasion to pleade by   the example of some historie, or discover my disquiet in shadowes _per   Allegoriam_.
The purpose of poetry is to Sidney, in the first place, to teach and delight,[379] that fayning notable images of vertues, vices, or what els, with that delightfull teaching which must be the right describing note to know a poet by.
The Russian consul, whose favor we had secured in advance through letters from Governor Ivanoff at Vernoye, had pronounced them not only good, but by far the best that had been presented by any traveler entering China at this point.
“How, said he, “could you get along without interpreter, guide, or servant, when every foreigner who goes even from here to Peking has to have them? He questioned us as to whether or not the Chinese had ever called us names.
how prettily Love teaches his Scholars to prattle.-- But hear ye, fair Mrs. _Celinda_, you have forgot to what end and purpose you came to Town; not to marry Mr. _Bellmour_, as I take it--but Sir _Timothy Tawdrey_, that Spark of Men.
_Driver_, prithee call for a Glass, that I may set my self in order, before I go up; for really my Knight has not been at home all this Night, and I am so confus’d--      _Enter one with a Glass, and two Wenches_, Jenny _and_ Doll.
If, when I’m dead, thou wouldst behold thy Brother, And take the last Adieu from his cold Lips, (If those so perjur’d can deserve that kindness) Inquire for lost _Celinda_, at whose Feet Thou shalt behold me fall’n a Sacrifice.
you understand your Pen and Ink, how to count your dirty Money, trudge to and fro chaffering of base commodities, and cozening those you deal with, till you sweat and stink again like an o’er heated Cook, faugh, I smell him hither.
But you’re my Prince, and that I own you so, Is all remains in me of Sense or Justice; The rest is Rage, which if thou gett’st not hence Will eat up that small morsel too of Reason, And leave me nothing to preserve thy life with.
Those Eyes that gave this speaking life to thine, Those lovely Eyes are clos’d in endless darkness; There’s not a Star in all the face of Heaven, But now out-shines those Suns: Suns at Noon-day dispens’d not kindlier influence.
In 1777 _The Emperor of the Moon_, very unnecessarily altered and by no means bettered ‘with the addition of several airs, duets, and choruses selected from other compositions’ (8vo, 1777), was produced at the Patagonian Theatre.
Most Reverend Sir, whose Virtue did incite us, Whose Daughter’s Charms did more invite us; We come to grace her with that Honour, That never Mortal yet had done her; Once only, _Jove_ was known in Story, To visit _Semele_ in Glory.
My partner, John Downie, has made a specialty of city property, and he will invest any part for you in lower-priced city lots, which are sure to advance rapidly.  “Then I will put the matter in his hands and rely on his judgment.
After supper, when James Houghton had gone up to count his pennies, Alvina said to Miss Pinnegar:  “Don’t you think father looks rather seedy, Miss Pinnegar?  “I’ve been thinking so a long time, said Miss Pinnegar tartly.
Men who dwell without the forest need not henceforth come before our justiciars of the forest upon a general summons, except those who are impleaded, or who have become sureties for any person or persons attached for forest offenses.
While the rhetoricians were exemplifying from the poets their schemes and tropes, their well joined words, smooth, soft as a maiden's face,[103] the poets on their part were assiduously practicing all the rhetorical devices of style.
The Decay of Classical Rhetorical Tradition   The seven liberal arts of mediaeval education carried the blending almost to the absorption of poetic by rhetoric, and the debasement of rhetoric itself to a consideration of style alone.
Servatus Lupus (805-862), Abbot of Ferrieres and a learned man, was unusual in his scholarship; for he knew not only the rhetoric _Ad Herennium_ which was believed to be Cicero's but also the _De oratore_ and fragments of Quintilian.
Of the second period, which he characterizes as one of classification and metrical studies, he says, A long period of rhetorical and metrical study had helped to formulate a rhetorical and technical conception of the poet's function.
You remember not that under the person of Aeneas in Virgil the   practice of a dilligent captaine is described; you know not that the   creation is signified in the Image of Prometheus; the fall of pryde in   the person of Narcissus.
There was nothing about this perpetual snow-field, and the freezing atmosphere that was chilling us to the bone, to remind us that we were on the top of an extinct volcano that once trembled with the convulsions of subterranean heat.
g._ “footsteps and “foot-steps, “innkeeper and “inn-keeper, “moonlight and “moon-light, “pigtails and “pig-tails, “wickerwork and “wicker-work), punctuation or italicizing has not been changed.
Could I but know my Fate, I could despise it: But when ‘tis clad in Robes of Innocence, The Devil cannot ‘scape it: Something Was done last night that gnaws my heart-strings; And many things the Princess too let fall, Which, Gods!
Say, Chester, old Tripp is rich, ain’t he?  “I should call myself rich if I had his money.  “He’s a miserly old hunks, then, to give me such small pay.  “Don’t let him hear you say so.  “I’ll take care of that.
“Probably he would.  “So that we may conclude he is dead.  “It might be stipulated that if the missing son does not appear within three years from the time the will is made he may be regarded as dead? suggested the lawyer.
To tell the truth, she rather disliked him: the great, red-faced bachelor of fifty-three, with his bald spot and his stomach as weak as a baby’s, and his mouthing imperiousness and his good heart which was as selfish as it could be.
But though rhetoric might for the moment thus borrow poetic, and though poetic might borrow rhetoric, the two remained distinct in the large, each conceived as having its own movement, its composition, distinct from that of the other.
In the educational scheme, he says, after mathematics should be studied logic and rhetoric To which Poetry would be made subsequent or indeed rather precedent, as being lesse suttle and fine, but more simple, sensuous, and passionate.
His note, which was written in French, showed him to be a man of European education; and on shaking hands with him a half-hour later, we found him to be a man of European origin—an Albanian Greek, and a cousin of the Vali at Angora.
Notwithstanding the feast of the night before at our expense, and in addition to furnishing us with bedclothes which we really ought to have been paid to sleep in, our oily host now insisted upon three or four prices for his lodgings.
The once important and beautiful city of twenty thousand people is now only a scene of death, desolation, and terror.  From this point to Askabad the construction of the military highway speaks well for Russia’s engineering skill.
These included, in addition to the local passports, a carte-blanche permission to travel from Tashkend to Vladivostock through Turkestan and Siberia, a document obtained from St. Petersburg through the United States minister, the Hon.
After the presentation of documents to the _starosta_, who would hesitate at first about quartering our horses in the travelers’ room, we would proceed at once to place our dust-covered heads beneath the spindle of the washing-tank.
In a glowing sunset, at the end of a hot day’s climb, we looked for the last time over the Ili valley, and at dusk, an hour later, rolled into one of the Kirghiz aouls that are here scattered among the rich pasturage of the plateau.
Though I before had loaded up my Soul With Sins, that wou’d have weigh’d down any other, Yet this one more it bears, this Sin of Murder; And holds out still--What have I more to do, But being plung’d in Blood, to wade it through?
No, that wou’d not do, the Baggage was damnably in love with a young Fellow they call _Bellmour_, a handsome young Rascal he was, they say, that’s truth on’t; and a pretty Estate: but happening to kill a Man he was forced to fly.
Erminia, now that she has been joined in wedlock with Alcippus, guards herself carefully from the dauphin’s passion, but when the general is obliged by his duties to leave for the camp Philander hopes to persuade her to yield to him.
In Kyd’s _Spanish Tragedy_ we find Heironymo, who wishes to have a subject mounted in a hurry, saying:--      The Italian tragedians were so sharp of wit,     That in one hour’s meditation     They would perform anything in action.
it were flat Treason if it should be known; but thus unseen, and as wise Politicians shou’d, I take survey of all: This is the Statesman’s Peeping-hole, thorow which he steals the Secrets of his King, and seems to wink at distance.
After the amalgamation of the two companies in November, 1682, a large number of the older plays were revived or continued to be played (with a new cast and Betterton in the rôles which had been Hart’s) during the subsequent decade.
I may say that lots there are already worth twice what they were last week.  “How’s that?  “Because work on the railroad has been resumed, and there is no doubt now that it will be pushed to completion.  “That settles it.
And all the while your mother was living in comfort.  “Yes, in luxury, for she is worth at least fifty thousand dollars in her own right.  “I hope your stepfather has not got possession of it.  “He had not when I came away.
“William, he said to a stout man of middle age, “this is the young man who generously advanced money to meet my car fare when I was in danger of being put off the train.  The younger man advanced and cordially offered his hand.
But such was the buzz and excitement over her material future, such a fever was worked up round about her that Alvina, the petty-propertied heroine of the moment, was quite carried away in a storm of schemes and benevolent suggestions.
Unconsciously she felt that big men in good navy-blue suits, especially if they had reddish faces and rather big feet and if their hair was wearing thin, were a special type all to themselves, solid and rather namby-pamby and tiresome.
The ancient castle, badly cracked by the last earthquake, looked wonderfully down on the valley of many hills beneath, Califano a speck down the left, Ossona a blot to the right, suspended, its towers and its castle clear in the light.
Rose-red gladioli among corn, in among the rocks, and small irises, black-purple and yellow blotched with brown, like a wasp, standing low in little desert places, that would seem forlorn but for this weird, dark-lustrous magnificence.
Proceeding by the Transcaspian and Transcaucasus railroads, the Caspian and Black seas, to Constantinople, and thence by the “overland express to Belgrade, Vienna, Frankfort, and Calais, he was able to reach London in sixteen days.
The mail is carried from the border in a train of three or four telegas, which rattle along over the primitive roads in a cloud of dust, with armed Cossacks galloping before and after, and a Russian flag carried by the herald in front.
Being unaccustomed to foreign manners, they would never eat at the same table with us, but would come in during the evening with their mother, to join the family circle and read aloud to us some of their father’s official despatches.
All the missionaries we had met cautioned us against taking photographs in China, lest we should do violence to the many popular superstitions, but the only trouble we ever experienced in this respect was in arousing popular curiosity.
‘Tis here you spend that which shou’d buy me Points and Petticoats, whilst I go like no body’s Mistress; I’d as live be your Wife at this rate, so I had: and I’m in no small danger of getting the foul Disease by your Leudness.
Yes, base _Alcippus_, I have still that Courage, Th’effects of which thou hast beheld with wonder; And now being fortified by Innocence, Thou’t find sufficient to chastise thy boldness: Restore my Sword, and prove the truth of this.
A striking example of this accentuation occurs in a Collection of _Loyal Songs_--1639-1661--      But all the Parish see it plain,       Since thou art in this pickle,     Thou art an Independent quean,       And lov’st a conventicle.
He hain’t no experience.  “He’ll get it, sir.  “If you want to stay for two and a quarter—the same I’m going to give him—I’ll tell him I’ve changed my mind.  “No, sir; it wouldn’t be right to put him off now.
Don’t you know me any better than that?  “Then why did you leave the handkerchief on the flour barrel?  “That’ll come out in due time.  They were near the store where Mr. Tripp was impatiently waiting for their appearance.
It was the first meal Chester had taken in a restaurant, and he could not get rid of a feeling of embarrassment at the thought that the waiters, who were better dressed than many of the prominent citizens of Wyncombe, were watching him.
You will have no more trouble.  Then, as the mechanic left the office, the broker, turning to the bookkeeper, said, sternly:  “Another such transaction, Mr. Mullins, and you leave my employ.  “But, sir—— stammered Mullins.
I put them in my pocket and walked back in a leisurely way.  “Did you see anything of Ralston?  “Yes, I saw him out of the corner of my eye, while I was looking in at a window on Union Square.  “He took the money?  “Yes.
“Do you want me to do anything?  “No; his loss of place and reputation will be a sufficient punishment.  At the close of the day Felix said: “I suppose you don’t want me any more.  “You can stay till the end of the week.
“Your affectionate mother,      “SARAH RAND.  Chester answered at once:      “DEAR MOTHER: Don’t feel any anxiety about your loss of income     through Miss Dolby’s departure, and don’t try to earn any money by     sewing.
I cannot     help thinking sometimes how fortunate it was that he declined over     a year since to increase my pay, as in that case I might still have     been working for him instead of establishing a reputation as an     artist here.
You saw the accident?  “Yes, ma’am.  “Please tell me once more what you can.  “I took a boat down at the Battery to have a row one afternoon, when, after a while, I saw another boat comin’ out with three fellers into it.
There was James Houghton, faintly powdered with coal-dust, flitting back and forth in a fever of nervous frenzy, to Throttle-Ha’penny—so carried away that he never saw his daughter at all the first time he came in, after her return.
She hardly knew which was worse: the cool look of insolent half-contempt, half-satisfaction with which Madame would receive the news of her financial downfall, or the officious patronage which she would meet from the Woodhouse magnates.
“And if you work and strive, you’ve a right to the fruits of your work.  “It doesn’t matter, said Alvina laconically, “so long as you’ve enjoyed working and striving.  But Miss Pinnegar was too angry to be philosophic.
When the true Italian came out in him, his veriest home was the piazza of Pescocalascio, the little sort of market-place where the roads met in the village, under the castle, and where the men stood in groups and talked, talked, talked.
To those who hold lands  directly of us we will cause a general summons to be issued, through  the sheriffs and other officials, to come together on a fixed day (of  which at least forty days notice shall be given) and at a fixed place.
All those, moveover, in the land who of themselves and of their own accord are unwilling to swear to the twenty five to help them in constraining and molesting us, we shall by our command compel the same to swear to the effect foresaid.
By far the greater bulk of classical treatises on poetic is devoted to characterization and to the technic of plot construction, involving as it does narrative and dramatic unity and movement as distinct from logical unity and movement.
In fact the whole chapter, and the one following, are devoted not to rhetoric, but to the theory of poetical composition, and explanation of the allegorical conception of the end of poetry, and a defense of the poets against detractors.
Further, to defend the allegorical senses of poetry, which conceals a pith of profit under a pleasant rind, Harington explains fully how Demosthenes, Bishop Fisher, and the Prophet Nathan enforced their arguments by allegorical stories.
A wickerwork fencing, about three feet high, made from the reeds gathered in the swamps of the Aras River, was stretched around the bottom of the tent to keep out the cattle as well as to afford some little protection from the elements.
At seven o’clock we reached a point about 13,500 feet, beyond which there seemed to be nothing but the snow-covered slope, with only a few projecting rocks along the edge of a tremendous gorge which now broke upon our astonished gaze.
None but the Persian consul and the mutessarif himself deigned to profess a belief in it, and the gift of several letters to Persian officials, and a sumptuous dinner on the eve of our departure, went far toward proving their sincerity.
Soon the paved streets, sidewalks, lamp-posts, street-railways, and even steam-tramway, of the half modern capital were as much of a surprise to us as our “wind horses were to the curious crowds that escorted us to the French Hotel.
During the course of a dinner with him and his friends, he kindly assured us that no further recommendation was needed than the fact that we were American citizens to entitle us to travel from one end of the Russian empire to the other.
Tipping alone, as we found on our journey from Samarkand, was not always sufficient to preclude a request during the night to vacate the best quarters for the post-traveler, especially if he happened to wear the regulation brass button.
In keeping with their characteristic generosity, every one in the kibitka must partake in some measure of the feast, although the women, who had done all the work, must be content with remnants and bones already picked over by the host.
Your Page inform’d the Nurse All that had past, and of the last Night’s Ball; And much concern’d, she got this Habit for me, And inform’d me how ‘twas I was to act, And that my Brother (describing of his Dress) was gone before.
But you’d meet with none; and because you said you shou’d die if you enjoy’d her not presently, and that she would not yield on any other Terms, but those of Marriage, I e’en brought the Parson that _Trusty_ had provided for you.
I have a high commendation of your fine Behaviour, Gentlewoman, to _Antonio_; his Father has sent for me, and I shall know all anon, this shall but hasten your Wedding, Huswise, I tell you that, and so farewel to you--             [_Ex_.
He departs unmolested, but once he is gone Alcippus, beside himself with blind fury, strangles Erminia with an embroidered garter--Pisaro, coming in a few moments after, reproaches him with the murder but hurries him away to concealment.
Friendship’s too near a-kin to Love, _Pisaro_, To leave me any Peace, whilst in your Eyes I read Reserves, which ‘tis not kind to hide; --Come, prithee tell me what the quarrel was, And who ‘twas with; thou shalt, my dear _Pisaro_.
Give me back the money you took—thirty-seven dollars and sixty cents—and I’ll forgive ye, and won’t have you sent to jail.  “That is a very kind offer, Mr. Tripp, and if I had taken the money I would accept it, and thank you.
I am not on good terms with Mr. Fairchild, and my recommendation won’t do you much good, even if I do manage to get rid of Chester.  “Then I don’t see how I am going to be benefited by working for you, said Felix, dissatisfied.
Probably his acquaintance with Ralston is recent, or he would have done something before this to insure his discharge.  There was a short silence, and Chester asked: “Have you any more questions, Mr. Sharpleigh?  “Not at present.
She allowed him the use of the income, only reserving a little for herself.  “Have you had any communication with her since you left Portland?  “I wrote her once, but received no answer.  “The letter may not have reached her.
The situation was saved by Miss Frost’s sweeping together all the big girls, under her surveillance, and by her organizing that the tall and handsome blacksmith who taught the lower boys should extend his influence over the upper boys.
And her voice had a curious bronze-like resonance that acted straight on the nerves of her hearers: unpleasantly on most English nerves, but like fire on the different susceptibilities of the young man—the darkie, as people called him.
Dr. Mitchell had no equals: he had only the vast stratum of inferiors, towards whom he exercised his quite profitable beneficence—it brought him in about two thousand a year: and then his superiors, people who had been born with money.
All those, moreover, in the land who of themselves and of their own accord are unwilling to swear to the twenty-five to help them in constraining and molesting us, we shall by our command compel the same to swear to the effect aforesaid.
And the city of London shall have all it ancient liberties and free customs, as well by land as by water; furthermore, we decree and grant that all other cities, boroughs, towns, and ports shall have all their liberties and free customs.
But although the conventional study of rhetoric in such condensed treatment as that of the sections in Martianus, Isidore, or Cassiodorus, was definitely intrenched in the educational system of the seven liberal arts, it had no vitality.
Moral Improvement through Allegory   When the Roman arms conquered a new city, the story runs, the commander of the forces took over in the name of the Emperor the gods; but before the gates of Jerusalem this ceremony proved ineffective.
But the worst mixture, perhaps, was the “Bairam soup, which contains over a dozen ingredients, including peas, prunes, walnuts, cherries, dates, white and black beans, apricots, cracked wheat, raisins, etc.—all mixed in cold water.
The isolated position of Ararat, its structure of igneous rocks, the presence of small craters and immense volcanic fissures on its slopes, and the scoriæ and ashes on the surrounding plain, establish beyond a doubt its volcanic origin.
Light as this wood is, the alpenstocks weighed at least seven pounds apiece when the iron hooks and points were riveted on at the ends by the native blacksmith, for whom we cut paper patterns, of the exact size, for everything we wanted.
Great preparations, it was said, were being made for an expedition over the Pamir, to establish on the throne the Russian candidate, Is-shah Khan from Samarkand, before Ayub Khan, the rival British protégé, could be brought from India.
An iron bar was placed in the hollow tubing to hold it in shape, and a band of telegraph wire passed round from front to rear, along the upper and lower rods, and then twisted so as to bring the two parts as tightly together as possible.
Oh, I had forgot thou art a modest Rogue, and to thy eternal Shame, hadst never the Reputation of a Mistress--Lord, Lord, that I could see thee address thy self to a Lady--I fancy thee a very ridiculous Figure in that Posture, by Fortune.
And old _Francisco_, without the expence of an hour’s Courtship, a _Billet-Doux_, or scarce a sight of her, could gain her in a day; and yet ‘tis wonder, your Fortune and your Quality, should be refus’d by Don _Baltazer_ her Father.
Judge then what my Heart feels, which like a Fire but lightly cover’d o’er with the cold Ashes of Despair, with the least blast breaks out into a Flame; I burn, I burn, _Jacinta_, and only charming _Carlos_ can allay my Pain--but how?
_Alcip_.--My Face has Horror in’t pale and disfigur’d, And lean as Envy’s self-- My Eyes all bloody,--and my hanging lids Like Midnight’s mischief, hide the guilty Balls, --And all about me calls me Murderer: --Oh horrid Murderer!
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
“If you are engaged to dine with William Vanderbilt or Jay Gould on that evening, continued the professor, with a merry look, “I will say Thursday.  “If I find I am engaged in either place, I think I can get off, said Chester.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
It was nothing less than magical the way the soft, slumbering body of the woman could leap in one jet into terrible, overwhelming voltaic force, something strange and massive, at the first treacherous touch of the man’s determined hand.
But instead of the tender, half-wistful triumph of Kishwégin, a triumph electric as it should have been when she took the white man’s hand and kissed it, there was a doubt, a hesitancy, a nullity, and Max did not quite know what to do.
The same black walls, the same floor, the same cold from behind, the same green-oak wood-smoke, the same bucket of water from the well—the same come-and-go of aimless busy men, the same cackle of wet hens, the same hopeless nothingness.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
And the city of London shall have all its ancient liberties and free customs, as well by land as by water; furthermore, we decree and grant that all other cities, boroughs, towns, and ports shall have all their liberties and free customs.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
But whereas others have called attention to the classical and Italian sources for English critical ideas, I am able to show that in addition to these sources, the English critics were profoundly influenced by English mediaeval traditions.
Logic, he says, proves by syllogism, and in this is different from both rhetoric and poetic, which use enthymeme and example as more appropriate to a popular audience, while poetic uses example almost entirely and scarcely ever enthymeme.
His idea of the teaching power of poetry, for to him poetry and painting both behold pleasure and profit as their common object,[420] is rhetorical--depending on precept and example--and attaining its true aim when it moves men to action.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
Amid the rabble of Greeks, Armenians, Turks, and Italians we trundled our bicycles across the gang-plank, which for us was the threshold of Asia, the beginning of an inland journey of seven thousand miles from the Bosporus to the Pacific.
When they were exterminated by the government, the head of their chief, with its dangling queue, was mounted on a pole near-by, and preserved in a cage from birds of prey, as a warning to all others who might aspire to the same notoriety.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
_At first she laugh’d, but gaz’d the while,   And soon it lessen’d to a Smile;   Thence to surprize and wonder came,   Her Breast to heave, her Heart to flame;   Then cry’d she out, Ah, now I prove   Thou art a God, Almighty Love_.
The Sea, Sir, where the Emperor’s Fisherman casting his Nets, drew me up, and took me for a strange and monstrous Fish, Sir,--and as such, presented me to his Mightiness,--who going to have me Spitchcock’d for his own eating--  _Doct_.
- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any      money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the      electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days      of receipt of the work.
I see you know him.  “Have you seen him since you came to Wyncombe?  “I was in the store this evening.  “Did you make yourself known to him?  “Yes.  “Didn’t he invite you to spend the night in the house?  “Not he.
They feel that an employee ought to be solely occupied with their interests.  “I will remember what you say, Mr. Conrad.  Chester looked forward with considerable curiosity and some anxiety to his coming interview with Mr. Fairchild.
“Robbed—of what?  “I had eighteen hundred dollars in bank bills in my pocket, in four parcels, and—and they must have been taken while I was looking in at this window.  “You seem to have been very careless? said Sharpleigh.
“And Mr. Atterwell wants to know what you’d like put on th’ headstone for your father—if you’d write it down.  “All right.  Mrs. Rollings popped on the potatoes for Miss Pinnegar’s dinner, and spread the cloth for Ciccio.
Although these critics generally, with the exceptions of Aristotle and Eratosthenes, believed the greatest value of poetry to be in the teaching of morality, no one of them endeavored to define poetry, as they did rhetoric, by its purpose.
my mayster Lydgate veryfyde   The depured rethoryke in Englysh language;   To make our tongue so clerely puryfyed   That the vyle termes should nothing arage   As like a pye to chatter in a cage,   But for to speke with rethoryke formally.
- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any      money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the      electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days      of receipt of the work.
Now and then in the villages we passed by a primitive flour-mill moved by a small stream playing upon a horizontal wheel beneath the floor; or, more primitive still, by a blindfolded donkey plodding ceaselessly around in his circular path.
Here, without delay, a squad of horsemen was detailed, and ordered with the keys to the “Herat Gate. The crowds in the streets, attracted by this unusual turnout at this unusual hour, followed in their wake to the scene of disturbance.
His chief compensation was in witnessing the surprise of the natives to whom he would shout across the fields to come and see the _tomasha_, adding in explanation that we were the American gentlemen who had ridden all the way from America.
This necessity for vigilance, together with the frequency of bad silver and loaded _yambas_, and the propensity of the Chinese to “knock down on even the smallest purchase, tends to convert a traveler in China into a veritable Shylock.
I.    Celinda, _who did Love disdain,   For whom had languished many a Swain,   Leading her bleating Flocks to drink,   She spy’d upon the River’s brink   A Youth, whose Eyes did well declare   How much he lov’d, but lov’d not her_.
Ha, ha, ha, how I am griev’d to think on it; ha, ha, ha, that you shou’d both be so hardly put to it; ha, ha, ha, for the old Gentleman has lock’d all the doors, and took the keys to bed to him,--go, get you in,--ha, ha, ha.--  _Ant_.
I’m in earnest; As I love Honour, and esteem thee generous, I mean thee nothing but a perfect Friendship; By all my hopes I’ve no more quarrels to thee, All ends in this Embrace, and to confirm it I give thee here my Sister to thy Wife.
“He’s gone to lunch.  “He sent me a bill for this month’s rent, which I have already paid.  “Please give me your name.  “James Long.  “And where do you live?  The address was given—a house on East Twentieth Street.
I own some lots there.  “Then let me tell you, my boy, that you will be a rich man.  “But I thought prices of land in Tacoma were small.  “So they are—at present; but it is the future terminus of the Northern Pacific Railroad.
Though he was not naturally polite, he knew that the size of a man’s purse could not always be judged from the cut or quality of his garments, and he was just as ready to make money out of Silas as out of any fashionably dressed customer.
Royalty   payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project   Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in   Section 4, Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg   Literary Archive Foundation.
Moreover, all trespasses occasioned by the said quarrel, from Easter in the sixteenth year of our reign till the restoration of peace, we have fully remitted to all, both clergy and laymen, and completely forgiven, as far as pertains to us.
Moreover, all trespasses occasioned by the said quarrel, from Easter in the sixteenth year of our reign till the restoration of peace, we have fully remitted to all, both clergy and laymen, and completely forgiven, as far as pertains to us.
Royalty   payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project   Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in   Section 4, Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg   Literary Archive Foundation.
The blackened cotton which the natives were gathering from the fields, the lowering snow-line on the mountains, the muddy roads, the chilling atmosphere, and the falling leaves of the giant poplars—all warned us of the approach of winter.
There was scarcely an hour in the day when we were not accompanied by from one to twenty Kirghiz horsemen, galloping behind us with cries of “Yakshee! (“Good!) They were especially curious to see how we crossed the roadside streams.
The last fifty miles into Liang-chou, a city founded by a Catholic Chinaman over two hundred years ago, we were compelled to make on foot, owing to an accident that caused us serious trouble all through the remainder of our Chinese journey.
Under the scraggy mustache we could distinguish a rather benevolent though determined mouth; while his small, keen eyes, which were somewhat sunken, gave forth a flash that was perhaps but a flickering ember of the fire they once contained.
Then, too, he seems to be losing the power that he does have—he is compelled to play more and more into the hands of the Russians.  “Do you think that Russia will eventually try to take possession of Persia? the viceroy interrupted.
Ay, but between you and I, ‘twas well he kick’d me first, and made me angry, or I had been lustily swing’d, by Fortune--But thanks to my Spleen, that sav’d my Bones that bout--But then I did well--hah, came briskly off, and the rest.
which shall only serve to make thee out-flaunt all the Cracks in Town--go--go home and expect me, thou’lt have me all to thy self within this Day or two:      Since Marriage but a larger Licence is     For every Fop of Mode to keep a Miss.
Odsbobs, that’s Wormwood, that’s Wormwood--I shall have my young Hussey set a-gog too; she’ll hear there are better things in the World than she has at home, and then odsbobs, and then they’ll ha’t, adod, they will, Sir _Cautious_.
--On th’other side the Prince with dying looks Each motion watch’d of fair _Erminia’s_ eyes, Which she return’d as greedily again, And if one glance t’ _Alcippus_ she directed, He’d stare as if he meant to cut his throat for’t.
If you have on your list a one-story shanty on the rocks near Central Park I may invest.  “Cash down, or do you want to have part of the purchase money on mortgage?  Then both laughed, and Ralston made a playful dig at Mullins’ ribs.
“You have been in New York recently?  “Yes; I was there quite a while.  “And you used to see Edward?  “’Most every day, ma’am.  “How was he employed?  This was not a question to which Mr. Floyd had prepared an answer.
He steered off, turned downhill through the common gardens, and proposed to take her the not-very-original walk up Flint’s Lane, and along the railway line—the colliery railway, that is—then back up the Marlpool Road: a sort of circle.
(42) In future it shall be lawful for any man to leave and return to our kingdom unharmed and without fear, by land or water, preserving his allegiance to us, except in time of war, for some short period, for the common benefit of the realm.
Thus in discussing the plot of tragedy, which he holds to be the highest and most characteristic form of poetry, Aristotle urges the necessity of unity and magnitude, both of which he defines in terms not of space relations, but of movement.
The third sense, he goes on to say, is the moral, as from the fact that Christ took with him but three disciples when he ascended the mountain for the transfiguration we may understand that in secret things we should have but few companions.
For instance in his preface to his second instalment of Homer entitled _Achilles' Shield_ (1598) Chapman dwells at length on the moral value and wisdom contained in the _Iliad_,[427] and enunciates the same idea in his _Prefaces_ of 1610-16.
Babism is by no means the only heresy that has sprung from the speculative genius of Persia; but it is the one that has most deeply moved the society of the present age, and the one which still obtains, though in secret and without a leader.
Our good-natured, corpulent host had emigrated, in the pioneer days, from the steppes of southern Russia, and had grown wealthy through the “unearned increment.  The Russian samovar is the characteristic feature of the Russian household.
Long before the time, the streets and housetops leading from the inn to the viceroy’s palace at the far end of the city began to fill with people, and soldiers were detailed at our request to make an opening for us to ride through abreast.
When wishing to be exceptionally courteous to “the foreigners, the more experienced mandarins would lay their doubled fists in the palms of our hands, instead of raising them in front of their foreheads, with the usual salutation _Homa_.
_The Lucky Chance; or, An Alderman’s Bargain_, produced at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, in 1687, was, with the exception of the disapproval of a certain pudibond clique, received with great favour, and kept the stage for a decade or more.
_A Curse upon that faithless Maid,   Who first her Sex’s Liberty betray’d;   Born free as Man to Love and Range,   Till nobler Nature did to Custom change,   Custom, that dull excuse for Fools,   Who think all Virtue to consist in Rules_.
Lawrence, the well-known theatrical authority to whom I owe much valuable information contained in this note, would (doubtless correctly) attribute the innovation to Stapylton and Edward Howard, both of whom dealt pretty freely in these Jigs.
I: ‘Our ship ... is tight and yare.’ Also _Antony and Cleopatra_, v, II: ‘yare, yare, good Iras; quick.’ Ray gives it as a Suffolk word, and the ‘hear, hear’ of Lowestoft boatmen of to-day is probably a disguised ‘yare, yare’.
Henry Playford, a well-known publisher of music, issued in the same year [1687] the Fourth Book of _The Theatre of Music_, where “O Love, that stronger art appeared with the heading “The Song in Madam Bhen’s last New Play, sung by Mr.
And later, with a shock that really hurt him, James, peeping bird-like out of his shop door, saw her sitting driving a dirty rag-and-bone cart with a green-white, mouldy pony, and flourishing her arms like some wild and hairy-decorated squaw.
He was becoming an old man: his daughter was a young woman: but in his own mind he was just the same, and his daughter was a little child, his wife a young invalid whom he must charm by some few delicate attentions—such as the peeled apple.
Alvina, who knew what the nurses told her, knew that he had come as a poor boy and bottle-washer to Dr. Robertson, a fellow-Scotchman, and that he had made his way up gradually till he became a doctor himself, and had an independent practice.
I’m acting under Effie’s orders, as you may gather—  At the hotel Tommy gave her a letter from his wife: to the tune of—don’t marry this Italian, you’ll put yourself in a wretched hole, and one wants to avoid getting into holes.
Any such merchants found in our country at the outbreak of war shall be detained without injury to their persons or property, until we or our chief justice have discovered how our own merchants are being treated in the country at war with us.
Whetstone inveighs against the English dramatist who in three howers ronnes throwe the worlde, marryes, gets children, makes Children men, men to conquer kingdomes, murder Monsters, and bringeth Gods from Heaven, and fetcheth Divels from Hel.
Perhaps the author of _The Arte of English Poesie_ (1589), generally supposed to be Puttenham, had in mind to be the some-one-better-than-Webbe, whom that worthy tutor hoped to stir up to write a treatise for the benefit of poetry in England.
We next had large nails driven into the souls of our shoes by a local shoemaker, who made them for us by hand out of an old English file, and who wanted to pull them all out again because we would not pay him the exorbitant price he demanded.
Our interpreter, the Greek, again joined the majority; he was not going to risk the ascent without the Turkish guards, and besides, he had now come to the conclusion that we had not sufficient blankets to spend a night at so high an altitude.
His keen eye, clear-cut features, and dignified bearing, bespoke for him respect even in his downfall, while his stooped shoulders and haggard countenance betrayed the weight of sorrow and sleepless nights with which he was going to his tomb.
The monotonous appearance of the steppe itself is only intensified in winter, when the snow smooths over the broken surface, and even necessitates the placing of mud posts at regular intervals to mark the roadway for the Kirghiz post-drivers.
One variety, about half the size of the jackdaw which infests the houses of Tashkend and Samarkand, has a bright blue body and red wings; another, resembling our field-lark in size and habits, combines a pink breast with black head and wings.
“This alone, said the Russian consul, “if nothing else, will defeat your plans. Those Western bankers who advertise to furnish “letters of credit to any part of the world are, to say the least, rather sweeping in their assertions.
We were now past another long anticipated land-mark, and before us, far down in the plain, lay the city of Su-chou, which, as the terminal point of the Chinese telegraph-line, would bring us again into electric touch with the civilized world.
- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of       any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the       electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of       receipt of the work.
To you, my Prince, I’ve done unheard-of injuries, And though your Mercy do afford me life, With this rich present too; Till I could know I might deserve them both, That Life will prove a Plague, and this great Gift Turn to the torment of it.
_From Love our Fetters never sprung;   That smiling God, all wanton, gay and young,   Shows by his Wings he cannot be   Confined to a restless Slavery;   But here and there at random roves,   Not fix’d to glittering Courts, or shady Groves_.
That famous _Rosycrusian_, who yesterday visited me, and told me the Emperor of the Moon was in love with a fair Mortal--This Dream is Inspiration in this Fellow--He must have wondrous Virtue in him, to be worthy of these divine Intelligences.
Otway’s comedy, _The Soldiers Fortune_ (4to, 1681), where Courtine says: ‘I shall be ere long as greasy as an Alsatian bully,’ comes third; and Mrs. Behn’s reference to Alsatia in this play, which is often ignored, claims fourth place.
Most of the men cared far more about a drop of whiskey than about any more carnal vice, and most of the girls were good pals with each other, men were only there to act with: even if the act was a private love-farce of an improper description.
Whereupon Ciccio quite amicably gave the porter two nickel twopences in addition to the sixpence, whereupon the porter quite lovingly wished him “buon’ viaggio.  So Alvina was stowed into the body of the omnibus, with Ciccio at her side.
Following Peter Ramus,[140] Wilson finds that logic has two parts: _judicium_, Framyng of thinges aptlie together, and knittyng words for the purpose accordynglie, and _inventio_, Findyng out matter, and searchyng stuffe agreable to the cause.
In the period which has just been surveyed three points are noteworthy: the character of the English critics, the slowness with which the classical theories penetrated English thought, and the modifications which they underwent in the process.
Although surrounded by unusual fertility and luxuriance for an interior town, the low mud-houses and treeless streets give Kirshehr that same thirsty and painfully uniform appearance which characterizes every village or city in Asiatic Turkey.
Although we searched diligently for water, we did not find it till after two hours more of constant marching, when at a height of about 6000 feet, fifty yards from the path, we discerned a picturesque cascade of sparkling, cold mountain water.
In their place we were now obliged to purchase the short, white cloth Chinese socks and string sandals, which for mere cycling purposes and wading streams proved an excellent substitute, being light and soft on the feet and very quickly dried.
The fact that we, plain “foreign devils, were using this mode of locomotion, made us the objects of considerable curiosity from the loiterers and passers-by, and in fact had this not been the case, we should have felt rather uncomfortable.
To which he answer’d--I have a good Fortune--have but my Son _Ned_, and this Girl, call’d _Celinda_, whom I will make a Fortune, sutable to yours; your honoured Mother, the Lady _Tawdrey_, and I, have as good as concluded the Match already.
No, _Trusty_, I have not been so meanly educated, but I know how to live, and like a Gentleman: All that afflicts me in this Misfortune, is my dear Sister _Phillis_, she’s young; and to be left poor in this loose Town, will ruin her for ever.
No more,--this fair one bids you live,--henceforth, _Francisco_, I pronounce you a Widower, and shall regard you, for the time to come, as the deceased Husband of the Great _Sultana_, murmur not upon pain of being made an Eunuch--take him away.
Ah, Madam, do not tell me how he dies, I’ve seen too much already in his Eyes: They did the sorrows of his Soul betray, Which need not be confest another way: ’.was there I found what my misfortune was, Too sadly written in his lovely face.
Ungrateful Duty, whose uncivil Pride By Reason is not to be satisfy’d; Who even Love’s Almighty Power o’erthrows, Or does on it too rigorous Laws impose; Who bindest up our Virtue too too strait, And on our Honour lays too great a weight.
The George tavern was situated in Dogwell Court, and some little time after the abolition of the vicious privileges of Alsatia by the Act 8 and 9 William III, c. 27 (1697), it was converted into the printing office of William Bowyer, the elder.
I shall have some more binding to do.  “And I can send you something every week from New York.  “But I will be so lonely, Chester, with no one else in the house.  “That is true, mother.  “But I won’t let that stand in the way.
No sooner had Chester decided upon his Western journey than he telegraphed to Dean & Downie, of Tacoma:  “I will call upon you within two weeks.  Mrs. Rand was much surprised when Chester, coming home unexpectedly, announced his intentions.
Ciccio paid the three fares, laying his hand restrainingly on Gigi’s hand, when Gigi’s hand sought pence in his trouser pocket, and throwing his arm over his friend’s shoulder, in affectionate but vulgar triumph, when the fares were paid.
* If one of the twenty-five barons dies or leaves the country, or is prevented in any other way from discharging his duties, the rest of them shall choose another baron in his place, at their discretion, who shall be duly sworn in as they were.
Under thought is included every effect which has to be   produced by speech, the subdivisions being--proof and refutation; the   excitation of the feelings, such as pity, fear, anger and the like; the   suggestion of importance or its opposite.
Although he uses no soap for washing either his person or his clothes, yet he considers himself much cleaner than the giaour, for the reason that he uses running water exclusively, never allowing the same particles to touch him the second time.
Near by we discovered a lone willow-tree, the only one in the whole sweep of our vision, under the gracious foliage of which sat a band of Kurds, retired from the heat of the afternoon sun, their horses feeding on some swamp grass near at hand.
Among its institutions are an observatory, a museum containing an embryo collection of Turkestan products and antiquities, and a medical dispensary for the natives, where vaccination is performed by graduates of medicine in the Tashkend school.
Although by this dripping-pan arrangement we would usually succeed in getting as much water down our backs as on our faces, yet we were consoled by the thought that too much was better than not enough, as had been the case in Turkey and Persia.
Singan-foo, the capital of the Middle Kingdom, under the Tsin dynasty, and a city of the first importance more than two thousand years ago, is still one of the largest places in the empire, being exceeded in population probably by Canton alone.
But I impatient to see this dear delight of my Soul, and hearing from none of you this six weeks, came from _Brussels_ in this disguise--for the _Hague_ I have not seen, though hang’d there--but come--let’s away, and compleat me a right _St.
Ah, would I could that fatal gift deny; Without him you; and with him, I must die; My Soul your royal Brother does adore, And I, all Passion, but from him, abhor; But if I must th’unsuit _Alcippus_ wed, I vow he ne’er shall come into my Bed.
With this insensibly I drew him on, And with my flatteries so upon him won, Such Gentleness infus’d into his Breast, As has dispos’d his wearied Soul to rest: Sleeping upon a Couch I’ve left him now, And come to render this account to you.
Lovers Quarrels are soon Adjusted; I’ll to ’.m, unfold the Riddle, and bring ‘em back--take no care, but go in and dress you for the Ball; _Mopsophil_ has Habits which your Lovers sent to put on: the Fiddles, Treat, and all are prepar’d.
If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.
If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.
Be that as it may, in those early days when he brought his wife to her new home, his window on the Manchester side was a foam and a may-blossom of muslins and prints, his window on the London side was an autumn evening of silks and rich fabrics.
The real, permanent thing was Woodhouse, the _semper idem_ Knarborough Road, and the unchangeable grubby gloom of Manchester House, with the stuffy, padding Miss Pinnegar, and her father, whose fingers, whose very soul seemed dirty with pennies.
The sense of a great malevolent power which had them all the time in its grip, and was watching, feeling, waiting to strike the morbid blow: the sense of the utter helplessness of individuals who were not even accused, only watched and enmeshed!
If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.
If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.
_Rhetoricae libri duo quorum prior de tropis & figuris, posterior de voce & gestu praecepit: in usum scholarum postremo recogniti._ (London, 1629)  [150] _The Art of Rhetorick concisely and completely handled, exemplified out of Holy Writ_, etc.
If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.
There is a floating element of Kashgarians, Bokhariots, Persians, and Afghans, and a resident majority of Kirghiz, Tatars, Jews, Hindus, gypsies, and Sarts, the latter being a generic title for the urban, as distinguished from the nomad, people.
We were glad to take them at their word when they said, with the usual hypocritical smirk, “Now, don’t come out any farther. This indiscretion on our part caused them, as well as ourselves, to suffer in the respect of the assembled rabble.
If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional terms imposed by the copyright holder.
_I have took in the Poison which you sent, in those few fatal   Words, “Forgive me, my_ Celinda, _I am married--’Twas   thus you said--And I have only Life left to return, “Forgive   me my sweet_ Bellmour, _I am dead_.          CELINDA.
Mistaken Miser, Love like Money put Into good hands increases every day, Still as you trust me, still the Sum amounts: Put me not off with promise of to morrow, To morrow will take care for new delights, Why shou’d that rob us of a present one?
The lover straightway resolves to personate the expected newcomer, and he is assisted in his design by his friend Gayman, a town gallant, who having fallen into dire need is compelled to lodge, under the name of Wasteall, with a smith in Alsatia.
Asham’d--he wou’d have turn’d away; But when he saw, by my dejected Eyes, I knew him, He sigh’d, and blusht, and heard me tell my Business: Then beg’d I wou’d be secret; for he vow’d his whole Repose and Life depended on my silence.
Not one chance look this way--and yet I can forgive her lovely Eyes, Because they look not pleas’d with all this Ceremony; And yet methinks some sympathy in Love Might this way glance their Beams--I cannot hold-- Sir, is this fair Lady my Aunt?
Look back on flourishing_ Rome, _ye proud Ingrates, And see how she her thriving Poets treats: Wisely she priz’d ‘em at the noblest Rate,      | As necessary Ministers of State,                | And Contributions rais’d to make ‘em great.
What was the name of the friend who spoke about me and my plans?  “I have a poor memory for names, but I believe I have the gentleman’s card in my desk.  He opened the desk and made an elaborate search for what he knew he should not find.
He had a set of disreputable companions who made his saloon their headquarters, and he did not wish to give them up, as he might have had to do if he had gone into another business.  By this time supper was over, and the two walked to Broadway.
But in her mind she was thinking of Manchester House, and how dark and horrible it was, how she hated it, but how it had impressed Ciccio and Geoffrey, how they would have loved to feel themselves masters of it, and how done in the eye they were.
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
Thus Aristotle, in addition to treating the theory of poetry and the theory of oratory in separate books, asserts that even though the works of philosophy and of history were composed in verse, they would still be something different from poetry.
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
“We are _Ferenghis_, we said, “and must get into the city to-night. “That is impossible, he answered, “for the gates are locked, and the keys have been sent away to the governor’s palace. With this the night air grew more chill.
But shou’d the Torys now,--who will desert me, Because they find no dry bobs on your Party, Resolve to hiss, as late did Popish Crew,        | By Yea and Nay, she’ll throw her self on you,    | The grand Inquest of Whigs, to whom she’s true.
I hear no noise, sure ‘twas he,--and he’s gone in-- To reap those Joys he knows not how to value, And I must languish for; I’ll stay a little--perhaps _Jacinta_ may return again, for anything belonging to my _Julia_ is dear, even to my Soul.
--and though I am not at my proper home,--I am where I can command Money,--hum,--sure ‘tis my Daughter,--Ay, ay,--’tis so, how if he should be smitten now; the plaguy Jade had sure the Spirit of Prophecy in her; ‘tis so--’tis she--my Lord.
--Come, sit, good Brother, and to the business as you say--      [_They sit one at one end of the Table, the other at the other;     _Dick_ sets down the Light and goes out--both sit gaping and     staring, and expecting when either should speak_.
Prologue, Dryden’s _Marriage à la Mode_ (1672):--      Poor pensive punk now peeps ere plays begin,     Sees the bare bench, and dares not venture in;     But manages her last half-crown with care,     And trudges to the Mall, on foot, for air.
Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm  Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
I am not Western by birth, though I went out to Minnesota when I was a mere boy.  “And I have no doubt you have prospered, said Ralston, who was really anxious to learn whether Mr. Perkins was well provided with money and was worth fleecing.
You see, he wouldn’t dare to do otherwise, as your mother has the property, and he wants to keep in with her in order to get a share.  “I have been afraid that she would give a part to him.  “Thus far I am confident she hasn’t done it.
“Why, you are a boy.  “I must plead guilty to that indictment, said Chester, smiling, “but I am the owner of the lots which I understand are wanted for the new hotel.  David Mullins, who heard this conversation, looked up in amazement.
At some future time I may accept your invitation.  Chester strongly suspected that he would not be a welcome guest to Mr. Trimble when that gentleman learned that he had been instrumental in bringing home his stepson in time to defeat his plans.
Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm  Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
Alvina was more fascinated by the odd fish: like the lady who did marvellous things with six ferrets, or the Jap who was tattooed all over, and had the most amazing strong wrists, so that he could throw down any collier, with one turn of the hand.
Alvina helped Madame to put the anchovies and sardines and tunny and ham and salami on various plates, she broke off a bit of fern from one of the flower-pots, to stick in the pork-pie, she set the table with its ugly knives and forks and glasses.
“You realize, he said, “that everything in Manchester House, except your private personal property, and that of Miss Pinnegar, belongs to the claimants, your father’s creditors, and may not be removed from the house.  “Yes, she said.
Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm  Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
***here were some strange characters, not completely removed  (50) We will remove completely from their offices the kinsmen of Gerard de Ath, Peter, Guy, and Andrew de Chanceaux, Guy de Cigogne, and in future they shall hold no offices in England.
Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm  Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
No writer today, who would treat of the criticism of the renaissance, can escape his deep indebtedness to Dr. Joel Elias Spingarn, whose _Literary Criticism in the Renaissance_ has so carefully traced the debt of English criticism to the Italians.
In the chapter on Disposicion, instead of discussing the arrangement of a speech, Hawes devotes most of his space to praise of the rhetoricians because they turned the guidance of the drifting barge, the world, over to competent pilots, the kings.
Stanyhurst Stesimbrotus of Thasos Strabo Strebaeus Sturm, John  Tacitus Tasso, B. Tatian Terence Tertullian Theognis of Rhegium Theon Theophilus Theophrastus Themistocles Thomas Aquinas Thomasin von Zirclaria Tifernas Timocles  Valla Valladero, A.
Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the      address specified in Section 4, Information about donations to      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.
Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm  Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
Urumtsi, or Hun-miao (red temple) of the Chinese, still retains its ancient prestige in being the seat of government for the viceroyalty of Sin-tsiang, which includes all that portion of western China lying without the limit of Mongolia and Tibet.
The monotony of many weary hours of plodding was relieved only by the bones of some abandoned beast of burden, or the occasional train of Chinese carts, or rather two-wheeled vans, loaded with merchandise, and drawn by five to six horses or mules.
We never objected, either, to their wetting our paper windows with their tongues, so that they might noiselessly slit a hole in them with their exceptionally long finger nails, although we did wake up some mornings to find the panes entirely gone.
Cheat you, Sir!--if I ben’t reveng’d on this She-Counsellor of the Patching and Painting, this Letter-in of Midnight Lovers, this Receiver of Bribes for stol’n Pleasures; may I be condemn’d never to make love to any thing of higher Quality.
No, you Fool, I got his Pardon my self, that no body else should have it, so that if he gets any body to speak to his Majesty for it, his Majesty cries he has granted it; but for want of my appearance, he’s defunct, trust up, hang’d, _Francis_.
Now, Sir, we are two to two, for this way you must pass or be taken in the Lady’s Lodgings--I’ll first adventure out to make you pass the safer, and that he may not, if possible, see Sir _Cautious_, whom I shall fright into a Trance, I am sure.
--’Tis flown, ‘tis flown, for ever from my breast, And in its room eternal discords dwell, Such as outdo the black intrigues of Hell-- Oh my fortune--      [_Weeps, pulling out his handkerchief, drops a     Picture with a Glass on the reverse_.
In the case of a new play, or rather a new theme, the choregus or manager would call the company together, read out the plot, sketch the scenario, explain all business, and leave the dialogue to the humour and smartness of the individual performer.
This I observed also in the Laboratory of that ingenious Chymist _Lysidono_, and with much Pleasure animadverted that Mineral of the same Zenith and Nadir, of that now so famous Water in _England_, near that famous Metropolis, call’d _Islington_.
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm’s goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm’s goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
Continually she said: “Well, what do _you_ think of it? And she repeated the chapel plan to the theatre group, the theatre plan to the chapel party, the nursing to the pianoforte proposers, the haberdashery shop to the private school advocates.
We traced for them our own journey, where we had been and where we were going, and then endeavored to show them how, by starting from our homes and continuing always in an easterly direction, we could at last reach our starting-point from the west.
In stepped two men bearing a huge tray filled with melons, apricots, sugar, rock-candy, nuts, pistachios, etc., all of which we must, of course, turn over to the khan-keeper and his servants, and pay double their value to the bearers, as a present.
The autumn rains had so flooded the low-lying country between the capital and its seaport, Tientsin, that we were obliged to abandon the idea of continuing to the coast on the wheels, which by this time were in no condition to stand unusual strain.
Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™   Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
Ay, that’s true, that’s true; come truss again, _Francis_, truss again--yet now I think on’t, _Francis_, prithee run thee to the Hall, and tell ‘em ‘tis my Wedding-night, d’ye see, _Francis_; and let some body give my Voice for--  _Bel_.
By thy Pearls and Diamond Rocks,   By thy heavy Money-Box,   By thy shining Petticoat,   That hid thy cloven Feet from Note;   By the Veil that hid thy Face,   Which else had frighten’d humane Race_:                            [Soft Musick ceases.
All things are order’d as I have written you at large; our Scenes and all our Properties are ready; we have no more to do but to banter the old Gentleman into a little more Faith, which the next Visit of our new Cabalist _Charmante_ will complete.
And though I am at present busied in writing--those few Observations I have accumulated in my Peregrinations, Sir; yet the Ambition I aspir’d to, of being an ocular and aurial Witness of your Singularity, made me trespass on your sublimer Affairs.
Besides, after what I heard, I didn’t dare to trust it in the hands of the bookkeeper.  “I see you think the same of him as I do.  “I don’t like him.  “You think he meant to cheat me?  “It looks like it.  “I am all right now.
Sometimes yer have to wait an hour or two—  “You don’t know the trains, do you—?  “There’s one in th’ afternoon—but I don’t know if it’d be gone by the time you get down.  “To where?  “Bull’ill.  “Oh Bull’ill!
The fact that he gave separate treatment to his critical consideration of oratory and of poetry is presumptive evidence that in his mind oratory and poetry were two things, having much in common perhaps, but distinguished by fundamental differences.
The introduction, however, to the beflowered dwelling place of the fair lady and the request of Grande Amour to have his tongue perfumed are much more characteristic of the temper of the age than are the professed reasons for the origin of rhetoric.
From the fourth to the seventh centuries, however, it was well known and highly valued by Hilary of Poitiers, St. Jerome, and Rufinus, and closely followed and abridged in their rhetorical works by Cassiodorus, Julius Victor, and Isidore of Seville.
Starting from the saying of Horace that poets aim to please or profit, or please and profit together, these critics borrowed from rhetoric Cicero's three-fold aim of the orator: to teach, to please, to move, and applied these three aims to the poet.
The superstition of the Turks is nowhere so apparent as in their fear of the “evil eye. Jugs placed around the edge of the roof, or an old shoe filled with garlic and blue beets (blue glass balls or rings) are a sure guard against this illusion.
Nevertheless, it was always a welcome sight to see a small white building looming up in the dim horizon at the close of a long day’s ride, and, on near approach, to observe the black and white striped post in front, and idle tarantasses around it.
A divergence of seventy-five miles from the regular post-route was made in order to visit Lake Issik Kul, which is probably the largest lake for its elevation in the world, being about ten times larger than Lake Geneva, and at a height of 5300 feet.
Then he falls to telling of her Grievance, till (half maudlin) she weeps again: Just my Condition, cries a third: so the Frolick goes round, and we poor Cuckolds are anatomiz’d, and turn’d the right side outwards; adsbobs, we are, Sir _Cautious_.
|  May Caesar live, and while his mighty Hand Is scattering Plenty over all the Land; With God-like Bounty recompensing all, Some fruitful drops may on the Muses fall; Since honest Pens do his just cause afford Equal Advantage with the useful Sword_.
I was not likely to forget such an engagement.  “Have you grown to feel at home in the city?  “Not entirely, sir, but I am getting a little used to it.  “I think you mentioned that you were going into a real estate office?  “Yes, sir.
The lot adjoining your plot sold last week for two thousand dollars.  “Two thousand?  “Yes.  “Probably it would be well for me to wait a year or two, as the lots would undoubtedly command more then.  “That is one way of looking at it.
Muffled shrieks of young damsels who had just got their first view, guffaws of sympathetic youths, continued giggling and expostulation and “Eh, but what price the umbrella skirt, my girl! and “You’d like to marry me in _that_, my boy—what?
The _Cyropaedia_ of Xenophon, and the _Theagines and Cariclea_ of Heliodorus are poems, although written in prose, because they feign notable images of virtues and vices, although indeed the Senate of Poets hath chosen verse as their fittest rayment.
In the chapter on _inventio_, however, the lady seems to have forgotten all about her traditional past, for instead of discussing the method of finding all possible arguments in favor of a case, she discusses the poets, their purpose, and their fame.
Thus he borrows Cato's definition of the orator as a good man skilled in public speech (vir bonus dicendi peritus) from Quintilian,[356] and defines the poet as a good man skilled in speech and imitation (poeta vir bonus dicendi et imitandi peritus).
But we were more harmful than harmed, for, despite our most vigilant care, the bicycles were sometimes the occasion of a stampede or runaway among the caravans and teams along the highway, and we frequently assisted in replacing the loads thus upset.
The well-drawn character of Betty Flauntit is her own, and the realistically vivacious bagnio episodes of Act iv replace a not very interesting or lively tavern with a considerable accession to wit and humour, although perhaps not to strict propriety.
Make haste to my Lodging--But hark ye--not a word of this to _Betty Flauntit_, she’ll be up in Arms these two Days, if she go not with us; and though I think the fond Devil is true to me, yet it were worse than Wedlock, if I should be so to her too.
The plot of _The Lucky Chance; or, An Alderman’s Bargain_ is original save for the details of Lady Fulbank’s design upon Gayman, when he is conveyed to her house by masqued devils and conducted to her chamber by Pert dressed as a withered beldame.
You, my Lord, support the Globe, as if you did not feel its Weight; nor so much as seem to bend beneath it: Your Zeal for the Glorious Monarch you love and serve, makes all things a Pleasure that advance his Interest, which is so absolutely your Care.
_Hang Love, for I will never pine     For any Man alive;     Nor shall this jolly Heart of mine     The thoughts of it receive;     I will not purchase Slavery     At such a dangerous rate;     But glory in my Liberty,     And laugh at Love and Fate_.
Ah, do not weep, a tear or two’s enough For the Completion of your Cruelty, That when it fail’d to exercise your will, Sent those more powerful Weapons from your Eyes, And what by your severity you mist of, These (but a more obliging way) perform.
You must not attribute it all to Fame, Sir, they are too learned and wise to take up things from Fame, Sir: our Intelligence is by ways more secret and sublime, the Stars, and little Daemons of the Air inform us all things, past, present, and to come.
As for the Citizen, Sir, the Courtier lies with his Wife; he in revenge, cheats him of his Estate, till rich enough to marry his Daughter to a Courtier, again gives him all--unless his Wife’s over-gallantry breaks him; and thus the World runs round.
He seems on confidential terms with Mr. Mullins.  “Did the bookkeeper have any other reasons for disliking you?  “Yes; I interfered to prevent his cheating a mechanic out of his month’s rent.  “State the circumstances.  Chester did so.
For a dozen years Miss Frost supported the heart-stricken, nervous invalid, Clariss Houghton: for more than twenty years she cherished, tended and protected the young Alvina, shielding the child alike from a neurotic mother and a father such as James.
And yet, what could be more lovely than the sunny days: pure, hot, blue days among the mountain foothills: irregular, steep little hills half wild with twiggy brown oak-trees and marshes and broom heaths, half cultivated, in a wild, scattered fashion.
As the true _Rhetoric_ of Aristotle, known to the renaissance as the _Ars rhetoricorum ad Theodecten_, was so frequently published with the spurious _Rhetorica_, references to Aristotle's _Rhetoric_ in the sixteenth century are likely to be confusing.
Nevertheless Aristotle is answering Plato's objections to unrestrained emotionalism, and by his theory of katharsis endeavors to show not only that the emotional excitation of tragedy is harmless to the spectator, but that it is actually good for him.
The merchant replies, “Oh, whatever your highness pleases, or, “I shall be proud if your highness will do me the honor to accept it as a gift. This means nothing whatever, and is merely the introduction to the haggling which is sure to follow.
A plate of sliced meat stewed with vegetables, and served with a piquant sauce, sliced radishes and onions with vinegar, two loaves of Chinese _mo-mo_, or steamed bread, and a pot of tea, would usually cost us about three and one quarter cents apiece.
We were frequently surprised at their persistence in calling us brothers when there was no apparent reason for it, and were finally told that we must be “because we were both named _Mister_ on our passports.    [Illustration: A LESSON IN CHINESE.]
So a young Poet, who had never been Dabling beyond the Height of Ballading; Who, in his brisk Essays, durst ne’er excel The lucky Flight of rhyming Doggerel, Sets up with this sufficient Stock on Stage, And has, perchance, the luck to please the Age.
_Sir_ Timothy, _Gallants, at last is come To know his Sentence, and receive his Doom, But pray before you are resolv’d to be Severe, look on your selves, and then on me; Observe me well, I am a Man of Show, Of Noise, and Nonsense, as are most of you.
--No, I am for things possible and Natural: Some Female Devil, old and damn’d to Ugliness, And past all Hopes of Courtship and Address, Full of another Devil called Desire, Has seen this Face--this Shape--this Youth, And thinks it’s worth her Hire.
Oh, swear a-new, Give me again thy Faith, thy Vows, thy Soul; For mine’s so sick with this Day’s fatal Business, It needs a Cordial of that mighty strength; Swear--swear, so as if thou break’st-- Thou mayst be--any thing--but damn’d, _Leticia_.
You, Madam, with so many charms assail, You need not question but you shall prevail; Thy power’s not lessen’d in thy being mine, But much augmented in my being thine, The glory of my chains may raise me more, But I am still that Slave I was before.
Yet now should even her best belov’d, the Prince, With all his Youth, his Beauties and Desires, Fall at her Feet, and tell his tale of Love, She hardly would return his amorous Smiles, Or pay his meeting Kisses back again; Is not that fine, _Pisaro_?
Who, if he had no more Honesty and Conscience than my Uncle, wou’d let us pine for want of Lovers: but thanks be prais’d, the Generosity of our Cavaliers has open’d their obdurate Hearts with a Golden Key, that lets ‘em in at all Opportunities.
‘Tis yet unknown, Sir, to the Caballists, who now are using all their Arts to find her, and serve his Majesty; but now my great Affair deprives me of you: To morrow, Sir, I’ll wait on you again; and now I’ve try’d your Virtue, tell you Wonders.
Here was Silas Tripp gathering in trade from the entire village and getting not a little in addition from outlying towns, complaining that he would find it hard to make both ends meet, though everyone said that he did not spend one-third of his income.
When did you leave the store?  “Last Saturday night.  “Have you another place?  “Not yet.  “Are you at leisure this afternoon?  “Yes, sir.  “Then perhaps you will walk around with my friend, Mr. Conrad, and show him the village.
Tapes, ribbons, braids, buttons, feathers, jabots, bussels, appliqués, fringes, jet-trimmings, bugle-trimmings, bundles of old coloured machine-lace, many bundles of strange cord, in all colours, for old-fashioned braid-patterning, ribbons with H.M.S.
They would prolong their tête-à-tête and their singing on till ten o’clock at night, and Miss Frost would return to Manchester House flushed and handsome and a little shy, while the young man, who was common, took on a new boldness in the streets.
No!—  Downstairs Tommy had walked Ciccio back into the house again, and the two men were drinking port in the study, discussing Italy, for which Tommy had a great sentimental affection, though he hated all Italian music after the younger Scarlatti.
I would not be a consul in their eyes, if I didn’t. To illustrate the formality of Turkish etiquette he told this story: “A Turk was once engaged in saving furniture from his burning home, when he noticed that a bystander was rolling a cigarette.
The existence of these people, in their wild, semi-independent state, shows not so much the power of the Kurds as the weakness of the Turkish government, which desires to use a people of so fierce a reputation for the suppression of its other subjects.
Mrs. Cowley was ashamed to advance a direct lie, but she was not ashamed to insinuate a falsehood--_A Naeuio uel sumpsisti multa, si fateris; uel, si negas surripuisti_--Cicero.’ The strictures of our stage historian are entirely apposite and correct.
Away, I’m asham’d to see wise Men so weak; the Fantoms of the Night, or your own Shadows, the Whimseys of the Brain for want of Rest, or perhaps _Bredwel_, your Man--who being wiser than his Master, play’d you this Trick to fright you both to Bed.
I’ll swear, Mrs. _Pert_, you look very prettily in my Clothes; and since you, Sir, have convinc’d me that this innocent Deceit is not unlawful, I am glad to be the Instrument of advancing Mrs. _Pert_ to a Husband, she already has so just a Claim to.
Ours scorns the petty Spoils, and do prefer The Glory not the Interest of the War: But yet our Forces shall obliging prove, Imposing nought but Constancy in Love: That’s all our Aim, and when we have, it too, We’ll sacrifice it all to pleasure you_.
Though that were honest, ‘twere not wisely done; For had I known the passion of my Son, And how essential ‘twas to his content I willingly had granted my consent; Her Worth and Beauty had sufficient been T’ave rais’d her to the Title of a Queen.
There I think you are a little mistaken; for besides the Plot that I have laid to bring you together all this Night,--there are such Stratagems a brewing, not only to bring you together, but with your Father’s consent too; such a Plot, Madam--  _Ela_.
YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Indeed, I should be afraid to, for he is so shortsighted he would need to wear spectacles, and I would inevitably break them.  Chester could not forbear laughing at the idea of the learned professor having a boxing match with his lively, young nephew.
If you won’t be offended, Dick, I will say that though I am personally your friend, I am afraid that it isn’t best for you to be here so much.  “So you are getting on your high horse, Mullins, are you?  “No; but you are too well known, Dick.
YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
I know I am wrong.  For the first time in her life Alvina saw her beloved governess flustered, the beautiful white hair looking a little draggled, the grey, near-sighted eyes, so deep and kind behind the gold-rimmed glasses, now distracted and scared.
He had come to Woodhouse not to look at Jordan’s “Empire, but at the temporary wooden structure that stood in the old Cattle Market—“Wright’s Cinematograph and Variety Theatre. Wright’s was not a superior show, like the Woodhouse Empire.
YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
It is important, however, that we should know what the English middle ages meant by rhetoric if we are to appreciate how powerful was the tradition of the middle ages and in what direction it influenced the literary criticism of the English renaissance.
YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Late in the afternoon we emerged upon the plain, but no post-road or station-house was in sight, as we expected; nothing but a few Kirghiz kibitkas among the straggling rocks, like the tents of the Egyptian Arabs among the fallen stones of the pyramids.
But when we discovered, a few minutes later, that his highness had to call in the learned secretary to trace our proposed route for him on the map of China, and even to locate the capital, Peking, we began to question his knowledge of Chinese diplomacy.
YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Is he so, pray tell him he need not take that pains; there’s no occasion for’t; besides ‘twill be but in vain; for the Doctors have prescribed her Silence and Loneliness, ‘tis good against the Fit; how this damn’d Fellow of a Rival torments me!
Madam, ‘tis just I should to you resign, But here you challenge what is only mine: My Fate so cruel is, it will not give Leave to _Philander_ (if I die) to live: Might I but suffer all, ‘twere some content, But who can live and see this languishment?
By the way, never let him see you smoking.  “I won’t, but as he is not about, I’ll smoke a cigarette now.  “Better wait till after lunch.  About ten minutes after Mr. Mullins left the office, a man of forty—evidently a mechanic—entered.
Her hovering dance round the dead bear was exquisite: her dark, secretive curiosity, her admiration of the massive, male strength of the creature, her quivers of triumph over the dead beast, her cruel exultation, and her fear that he was not really dead.
It became her habit to go every morning to the public library of the town in which she found herself, to look through the advertisements: advertisements for maternity nurses, for nursery governesses, pianists, travelling companions, even ladies’ maids.
The same tradition is upheld by Charles Butler, who in his Latin school rhetoric (1600) defines rhetoric as the art of ornate speech and divides it into _elocutio_, a discussion of the tropes and figures, and _pronuntiatio_, the use of voice and gesture.
The man of noble spirit and philosophy will not lament his misfortunes, especially in public, while the lower orders of intellect are likely to express all their feelings with greater freedom, and thus furnish the poet with easier subjects for imitation.
The school-masters of Europe had recently rediscovered imitation as the royal road to learning, and in their system of language teaching emphasized imitation of classical authors more than following the precepts of the grammarians or of the rhetoricians.
The bridges, too, whose Roman-like masonry attests the high degree of Chinese civilization during the middle ages, have long since been abandoned to the ravages of time; while over the whole country the late Dungan rebellion has left its countless ruins.
Well, Sir, we will follow you--but as dolefully as People do their Friends to the Grave, from whence they’re never to return, at least not the same Substance; the thin airy Vision of a brave good Fellow, we may see thee hereafter, but that’s the most.
Ay, and be borne to _Newgate_ in Triumph, and be hanged in Triumph--’twill be cold Comfort, celebrating your Nuptials in the Press-Yard, and be wak’d next Morning, like Mr. _Barnardine_ in the Play--Will you please to rise and be hanged a little, Sir?
Also in Matthew Taubman’s _A Medley on the Plot_, this stanza occurs:--      Confound the hypocrites, Birminghams royal,       Who think allegiance a transgression;     Since to oppose the King is counted loyal,       And to rail high at the succession.
I of _The Forc’d Marriage_ ‘The Palace’, I have little doubt that as the drama was staged Smith and Mrs. Jennings advanced and the curtain fell behind them hiding the rest of the characters, only to rise again upon Scene II, ‘The Court Gallery’.
“You promise me it will all be ready by tomorrow, don’t you?  “Yes, I’ll do it if anybody could do it.  “Don’t say ‘if anybody could do it.’ Say it shall be done.  “It shall if I can possibly manage it—  “Oh—very well then.
And bit by bit she told every advocate the proposal of every other advocate “Well, Lawyer Beeby thinks— and “Well now, Mr. Clay, the minister, advises— and so on and so on, till it was all buzzing through thirty benevolent and officious heads.
It is important that the modern reader bear these facts in mind; for in the nineteenth century text-books of rhetoric came to include description of a kind little considered by classical rhetoricians, and narrative of an aim and scope which they excluded.
I forgo all the rest, he says, riches, birth, honor, authority, and all the goods here below of which the charm vanishes like a dream; but I cling to oratory nor do I regret the toil, nor the journeys by land and sea, which I have undertaken to master it.
Leaving on the right the sand-swept ruins of Veramin, that capital of Persia before Teheran was even thought of, we traversed the pass of Sir-Dara, identified by some as the famous “Caspian Gate, and early in the evening entered the village of Aradan.
Of this route to the Pacific we were therefore certain, and yet, despite the universal opinion that a bicycle journey across the Celestial empire was impracticable, we had determined to continue on to the border line, and there to seek better information.
Silence then prevails; for Confucius says: “When a man eats he has no time for talk. When a cup of tea is served to any one in a social party, he must offer it to every one in the room, no matter how many there are, before proceeding to drink himself.
That’s she in the middle; stand looking on her languishingly, --your head a little on one side,--so,--fold your Arms,--good,--now and then heave your breast with a sigh,--most excellent.--                                                     [_He groans_.
Sir, there is nothing like your true jest; a thing once well done, is twice done, and I am the happiest Man in the World in your Alliance; for, Sir, a Nobleman if he have any tolerable parts,--is a thing much above the Vulgar;--oh,--here comes the Dancers.
hang him, Rogue, ‘sbobs, and all the young Fellows in the Town deserve it; we can never keep our Wives and Daughters honest for rampant young Dogs; and an old Fellow cannot put in amongst ‘em, under being undone, with Presenting, and the Devil and all.
--Let me see--I have got no ready stuff to banter with--but no matter, any Gibberish will serve the Fools--’tis now about the hour of Ten--but Twelve is my appointed lucky Minute, when all the Blessings that my Soul could wish, shall be resign’d to me.
The Lunary Physicians, Sir, call it _Urinam Vulcani_, it calybeates every ones Excrements more or less according to the Gradus of the natural Calor.--To my Knowledge, Sir, a Smith of a very fiery Constitution is grown very opulent by drinking these Waters.
The money Miss Dolby pays me will be sufficient to defray the expenses of the table, and I shall still have some time for binding shoes.  “Then I hope I may be able to save some money.  During the afternoon Chester went to the store to buy groceries.
His fame spread, until Alexandra, Princess of Wales, and Elizabeth, Empress of Austria, the two best-dressed women in Europe, floated down from heaven to the shop in Woodhouse, and sallied forth to show what could be done by purchasing from James Houghton.
(44) People who live outside the forest need not in future appear before the royal justices of the forest in answer to general summonses, unless they are actually involved in proceedings or are sureties for someone who has been seized for a forest offence.
Following this lead, Thomas Wilson, the English rhetorician and statesman, defines logic and rhetoric as follows:    Logic is occupied about all matters, and doeth plainlie and nakedly set   forth with apt wordes the sum of things, by way of argumentation.
The theories of rhetoric and of poetry in mediaeval England had in the first place, because of remoteness and the lack of easy transportation, become farther and farther removed from such classical tradition as was preserved in the Mediterranean countries.
The emphasis on the example as the means of attaining this end was further derived from scholastic philosophy which, as has been shown, classed logic, rhetoric, and poetic together as instruments for attaining truth and improving the morality of the state.
A few of the government buildings and some of the larger private residences are improved by a coat of whitewash, and now and then the warm spring showers bring out on the mud roofs a relieving verdure, that frequently serves as pasture for the family goat.
How little Love is understood by thee, ’.is Custom, and not Passion you pursue; Because Enjoyment first was nam’d by me, It does destroy what shou’d your Flame renew: My easy yielding does your Fire abate, And mine as much your tedious Courtship hate.
I must confess I am not perfum’d as you are, to stifle Stinks you commonly have by Nature; but I have wholesom, cleanly Linen on; and for my Habit wore I but a Sword, I see no difference between your Don and me, only, perhaps, he knows less how to use it.
Brother, if you can so inhuman prove To me your Sister, Reason, and to Love: I’ll let you see that I have sentiments too, Can love and be reveng’d as well as you; That hour that shall a death to him impart, Shall send this Dagger to _Erminia’s_ heart.
_Be still; ‘tis she you must possess,     ‘Tis she must make your happiness;     ‘Tis she must lead you on to find     Those Blessings Heaven has design’d:     ‘Tis she’ll conduct you, where you’ll prove     The perfect Joys of grateful Love_.
His Subtilty does_ Scorpio _show,   And_ Sagittarius _all his loose desire,   By_ Capricorn _his forward Humour know,   And_ Aqua, _Lovers Tears that raise his Fire,   While_ Pisces, _which intwin’d do move,   Shew the soft Play, and wanton Arts of Love_.
Epilogue to Mountfort’s _Greenwich Park_ (Drury Lane, 1691) spoken by Mrs. Mountfort:--      If you’re displeased with what you’ve seen to-night     Behind Southampton House we’ll do you right;     Who is’t dares draw ‘gainst me and Mrs. Knight?
The scene particularly referred to is Act ii, I: ‘Oedipus enters, walking asleep in his Shirt, with a Dagger in his Right-Hand and a Taper in his Left.’ A little after ‘Enter Jocasta, attended with Lights, in a Night-Gown.’  p. 186 _City Politicks_.
You need have no anxiety.  “Chester, said Mr. Fairchild, “you may go with me as far as the station and carry my grip.  When they were outside, the broker said:  “I could have carried the grip myself, but I wished to have a parting word with you.
I got that idea from you, Chester, and if I make a profit I shall feel indebted to you.  “I shall be glad if it helps fill your pockets, Mr. Perkins.  “Come up to my room for a while, Chester, went on the other, “and we will consider what to do.
We had hoped at least to reach Vernoye, a provincial capital near the converging point of the Turkestan, Siberian, and Chinese boundaries, whence we could continue, on the opening of the following spring, either through Siberia or across the Chinese empire.
It has been the custom for travelers in Russia to decry the Russian post-station, but the fact is that an appreciation of this rather primitive form of accommodation depends entirely upon whether you approach it from a European hotel or from a Persian khan.
They scarcely do more than scratch the surface of the ground with their bent-stick plows, wooden-tooth drills, and wicker-work harrows; and instead of straight lines, so dear to the eye of a Western farmer, the ridges and furrows are as crooked as serpents.
And that Minute, the most renoun’d Don _Gulielmo Roderigo de Chimeny Sweperio_, became your Gally-Slave,--I say no more, but that I do love,--and I will love,--and that if you are but half so willing as I, I will dub you, Viscountess _de Chimeny Sweperio_.
I had some sixscore Rivals, they all took Snuff; that is, were angry--at which I smiled;--they were incensed; at which I laught, ha, ha, ha,--i’faith; they rag’d, I--when I met ‘em,--Cockt, thus--_en passant_--justled ‘em--thus,--[_Overthrows_ Fran.]
This day you must to th’.amp, and in your absence I’ll take upon me what I scorn’d last night, The Office of a Spy-- Believe me, Sir, for by the Gods I swear, I never wish’d the glory of a Conquest With half that zeal as to compose these differences.
Ah, that I could remain in this same state, And be contented with this Monarchy: I would, if my wild multitude of Passions Could be appeas’d with it; but they’re for Liberty, And nothing but a Common-wealth within Will satisfy their appetites of Freedom.
If thou wouldst have me credit thee, _Alcippus_, Thou shouldst not disesteem a Life, which ought To be preserv’d, to give a proof that what thou say’st Is true, and dispossess me of those fears I have, That ‘tis my Life makes thine displeasing to thee.
Shall I write her that you will receive her?  “Yes; I shall be glad to do so.  “And, as Miss Dolby is a business woman, she will expect me to tell her your terms.  “Will four dollars a week be too much? asked Mrs. Rand, in a tone of hesitation.
Only when Miss Frost kissed Alvina good-bye at the station, tears came to her eyes, and she said hurriedly, in a low voice:  “Remember we are all praying for you, dear!  “No, don’t do that! cried Alvina involuntarily, without knowing what she said.
She looked down the mixed vista of back-yards and little gardens, and was able to catch sight of a portion of Ciccio, who was sitting on a box in the blue-brick yard of his house, bare-headed and in his shirt-sleeves, twitching away at the wailing mandoline.
With so many extensive snow-beds, one would naturally expect to find copious brooks and streams flowing down the mountain into the plain; but owing to the porous and dry nature of the soil, the water is entirely lost before reaching the base of the mountain.
--That Friendship which our Infant Years begun, And till this Day has still continued on, I will preserve; and my Respects shall be Profound, as what was ever paid by me: But for my Love, ‘tis to _Celinda_ due, And I can pay you none that’s just and true.
Oh, I am mad for the happy hour--come, say the word, ‘tis but inclining thy Head a little thus, thy pretty Eyes down, and thy Cheeks all Blushes, and fetching a long Sigh--thus--with--do--what you please --at the end on’t--and I shall take it for granted.
And such a one I have in my head: _Guzman_, my Servant, knows a fellow here in _Cadiz_, whom for his pleasant humour I have oft observ’d, as I have past the Streets, but too mean to be convers’d with, by almost any human thing, by Trade a Chimney-Sweeper.
Love, that stronger art than Wine,   Pleasing Delusion, Witchery divine,   Want to be prized above all Wealth,   Disease that has more Joys than Health;   Though we blaspheme thee in our Pain,   And of thy Tyranny complain,   We all are bettered by thy Reign.
LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.
“We can’t live on your salary, and I get very little sewing to do.  “No, mother, said Chester, his own face reflecting her anxiety; “we can’t live on three dollars a week.  “I have been earning two dollars by binding shoes, said Mrs. Rand.
“I am afraid he won’t have much salary coming to him at the end of the week.  “You never broke no eggs while you was here, Chester.  “No; I don’t think I did.  “You’d ought to have stayed.  “I couldn’t stay on the salary you offered.
“How do you get along with Silas Tripp?  “He’s always scoldin’; he says I am not half as smart as you.  “I am much obliged to Mr. Tripp for his favorable opinion, but he didn’t think enough of me to give me decent pay.  “He’s awful mean.
I am sorry that I was mistaken.  “Does that mean you are sorry I was not drowned?  “No; I am sorry to have harrowed up your mother’s feelings by a story which proves to be untrue.  “I suppose Mr. Trimble brought you here, said Edward, quietly.
LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.
LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.
LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.
Whereas classical rhetoric deals with speeches which might be delivered to convict or acquit a defendant in the law court, or to secure a certain action by the deliberative assembly, or to adorn an occasion, classical poetic deals with lyric, epic, and drama.
Rather in poetic it is a turning toward the essential images of realization, as metaphor in poetic is direct, not indirect, because in poetic a word that suggests the salient parts or qualities of things will always stand out over the general names of things.
LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.
Since the development of steam-communication around the coast, it is no longer the caravan center that it used to be; but even now its _charshi_, or inclosed bazaars, are among the finest in Turkey, being far superior in appearance to those of Constantinople.
Apologies were now profuse, and besides tea, bread, and eggs, the usual rations of a Russian post-station, we were exceptionally favored with chicken soup and _verainyik_, the latter consisting of cheese wrapped and boiled in dough, and then served in butter.
And hither he’s come in Masquerade, I know with some Design against my _Bellmour_, Whom though he kill me, I must still preserve: Whilst I, lost in despair, thus as a Boy Will seek a Death from any welcome Hand, Since I want Courage to perform the Sacrifice.
And hotly have pursu’d it: Swore, wept, vow’d, wrote, upbraided, prayed and railed; then treated lavishly, and presented high--till, between you and I, _Harry_, I have presented the best part of Eight hundred a year into her Husband’s hands, in Mortgage.
Without _Erminia_ that can hardly be, And yet I find a certain shame within That will not suffer me to see the Princess; I have a kind of War within my Soul, My Love against my Glory and my Honour; And I could wish,--alas, I know not what: Prithee instruct me.
--Most Noble Youths--you’ve honour’d me with your Alliance, and you, and all your Friends, Assistances in this glorious Miracle, I invite to Night to revel with me.--Come all and see my happy Recantation of all the Follies, Fables have inspir’d till now.
Charles, Marquis of Worcester (1661-1698), father of Henry Somerset, second Duke of Beaufort, was the second son [Henry, his elder brother, died young] of Henry Somerset, first Duke of Beaufort (1629-1700), by Mary, eldest daughter of Arthur, first Lord Capel.
What is the trouble?  “Only that he came into my store in the silent watches of last night, answered Silas, sarcastically, “and made off with thirty-seven dollars and sixty cents.  “It’s a falsehood, whoever says it, exclaimed Mrs. Rand, hotly.
He won’t reach Chicago till this evening or to-morrow morning.  “Meanwhile—that is, while he is away—you have full swing, eh?  “Yes; I suppose so.  “Then you’ll be a fool if you don’t take advantage of it.  David Mullins did not answer.
My word what a terrifying race they— Here she uttered a scream and ran back clutching the wall as Ciccio swept past, brushing her with his horse’s tail, and actually swinging his spear so as to touch Alvina and James Houghton lightly with the butt of it.
No widow shall be compelled to marry, so long as she prefers to live without a husband; provided always that she gives security not to marry without our consent, if she holds of us, or without the consent of the lord of whom she holds, if she holds of another.
Moreover, all these aforesaid customs and liberties, the observance of which we have granted in our kingdom as far as pertains to us toward our men, shall be observed by all of our kingdom, as well clergy as laymen, as far as pertains to them toward their men.
No widow shall be compelled to marry, so long as she prefers to live without a husband; provided always that she gives security not to marry without our consent, if she holds of us, or without the consent of the lord of whom she holds, if she holds of another.
The characteristic quality, according to Aristotle, which is possessed by the Socratic dialogs, by the Homeric epics, and by the dramas of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides, and which classifies them together as poetic, is not verse but _mimesis_, imitation.
This makes poetry a nobler form, for verse is a manner of utterance more eloquent and rethorical then the ordinarie prose, because it is decked and set out with all manner of fresh colours and figures, which maketh that it sooner invegleth the judgment of man.
Inheritors of the allegorical theory of the middle ages, which they in part discarded, and discoverers of classical rhetoric which they carried over bodily into their theories of poetry, they passed on to France, Germany, and England their rhetorical theories.
The Yeshil Irmak, which we crossed just before reaching Kara Hissar, was above our shoulders as we waded through, holding our bicycles and baggage over our heads; while the swift current rolled the small boulders against us, and almost knocked us off our feet.
The leader now rose in his stirrups, waved his hat in the air and shouted, in clear though broken English, “Well, gentlemen, you have arrived at last! To hear our mother tongue so unexpectedly spoken in this out-of-the-way part of the world, was startling.
However, that shall not be an Incouragement to me to trouble the Criticks with new Occasion of affronting me, for endeavouring at least to divert; and at this rate, both the few Poets that are left, and the Players who toil in vain will be weary of their Trade.
Thus have I lain conceal’d like a Winter-Fly, hoping for some blest Sunshine to warm me into life again, and make me hover my flagging Wings; till the News of this Marriage (which fills the Town) made me crawl out this silent Hour, to upbraid the fickle Maid.
Most certain, Sir, Man was to have been immortaliz’d by the Love and Conversation of these charming Sylphs and Nymphs, and Women by the Gnomes and Salamanders, and to have stock’d the World with Demi-Gods, such as at this Day inhabit the Empire of the Moon.
As, therefore, in the case of animate bodies and organisms, a certain   magnitude is necessary, and a magnitude which may be easily embraced in   one view; so in the plot, a certain length is necessary, and a length   which can easily be embraced by the memory.
Professor Schelling refuses to treat this third book in his _Poetic and Verse Criticism in the Reign of Elizabeth_, because, he says, it does not fall within the scope of his purpose, being made up of matters rhetorical, as applicable to prose as to verse[237].
From the high lands of Azerbeidjan, where, strange to say, nearly all Persian pestilences arise, we dropped suddenly into the Kasveen plain, a portion of that triangular, dried-up basin of the Persian Mediterranean, now for the most part a sandy, saline desert.
LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND — If you discover a defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a written explanation to the person you received the work from.
I find _Diana_ knows me not; and this Year’s absence, since I first made my Addresses to her, has alter’d me much, or she has lost the remembrance of a Man, whom she ever disesteem’d till in this lucky Dress: the price of her Favour is _Bellmour’s_ Life.
Believe me, Gallants, he’as abus’d you all; There’s not a Vizard in our whole Cabal: Those are but Pickeroons that scour for prey And catch up all they meet with in their way; Who can no Captives take, for all they do Is pillage ye, then gladly let you go.
I humbly thank you, Sir, though’t be too late, And wish you yet would try to change my Fate; What to _Alcippus_ you did Love believe, Was such a Friendship as might well deceive; ’.was what kind Sisters do to Brothers pay; _Alcippus_ I can love no other way.
But now her Vows to marry none but me, Are given to _Alcippus_, and in his bosom breath’d, With balmy whispers, whilst the ravisht Youth For every syllable returns a kiss, And in the height of all his extasy, _Philander’s_ dispossess’d and quite forgotten.
I must confess my Soul is scarce diverted Of that fond Passion which I had for her; But I protest before the Gods and you, Did she still live, and I might still possess her, I would refuse it, though I were ignorant Of what the Gods and your fair self design me.
Doctor Baliardo, a Neapolitan philosopher, has so applied himself to the study of the Moon, and is enraptured to such an extent with the mysteries of that orb, that he has come steadfastly to believe in a lunar world, peopled, ruled and regulated like the earth.
--See how she turns, and sends her Signs to Earth.--Behold the Ram, _Aries_--see _Taurus_ next descends; then _Gemini_--see how the Boys embrace.--Next _Cancer_, then _Leo_, then the _Virgin_; next to her _Libra--Scorpio, Sagittary, Capricorn, Aquarius, Pisces_.
“I know where Chester’s money comes from, and I can assure you that it is honestly earned, more so than that which you receive from the whisky you sell.  Silas Tripp was a little afraid of the minister, who was very plain-spoken, and turned away muttering.
You will get it.  “All right.  When Felix was on his way to the bank, he did not know that he was followed at a little distance by a small man with keen, black eyes, who, without appearing to do so, watched carefully every movement of the young office boy.
“I have none in New York—except yourself.  “Then you are not a city boy.  “No; I came from Portland.  “In Maine?  “No; in Oregon.  “You have relatives there?  “A mother.  “I suppose you hear from her?  Edward Granger was silent.
Yes, the lousy-looking dogs of detectives had been there too, making the most minute enquiries as to the behaviour of the Natcha-Kee-Tawaras, what they did, how their sleeping was arranged, how Madame addressed the men, what attitude the men took towards Alvina.
If we have given or sold to anyone the guardianship of such land, and he causes destruction or damage, he shall lose the guardianship of it, and it shall be handed over to two worthy and prudent men of the same ‘fee’, who shall be similarly answerable to us.
Moreover, all these aforesaid customs and liberties, the observances of which we have granted in our kingdom as far as pertains to us towards our men, shall be observed b all of our kingdom, as well clergy as laymen, as far as pertains to them towards their men.
A Latin translation made by Pazzi in 1536 appears in the Basel edition of Aristotle's _Opera_ (1538) with Filelfo's version of the _Rhetorica ad Alexandrum_, falsely attributed to Aristotle, and George of Trebizond's (Trapezuntius) translation of the _Rhetoric_.
The greater number, however, of Greeks and Romans in the classical period believed that poetry exerted the most potent influence for good when it enunciated crisp moral maxims and afforded examples of heroic conduct which young people could be induced to follow.
The cadaverous stench revealed the presence of half-dried human bones being carried by relatives and friends for interment in the sacred “City of the Silent. Thus dead bodies, in loosely nailed boxes, are always traveling from one end of Persia to the other.
These institutions, we had found, were generally situated as this one, at the top of some difficult mountain-pass or at the mouth of some cavernous gorge, where the pious intercessors might, to the best advantage, strive to appease the wrathful forces of nature.
My LORD,    _As your Goodness has been ever great towards me, so I   humbly beseech you to continue it; and the greatest Proofs you   can give me of it, is to use all your Interest to undo that tye   between_ Bellmour _and my self, which with such Joy you   knit.
If I do’t not, send me to the Galleys; nay, and so far cure the Jealousy of the old Fellow, that from a rigid suspicious troublesom Fool, he shall become so tame and gentle a Husband,--that he shall desire you to favour him so much as to lie with his dear Wife.
You need not ask me to repeat again, A Knowledge which, you say, appears so plain: The Prince his word methinks should credit get, Which I’ll confirm whene’er you call for it: My heart before you ask’t it, was his prize, And cannot twice become a Sacrifice.
“It is a nervous impulse, and has nothing to do with pain.  “Does he ever sit in your lap, like this?  “No; I think he likes me in a way, for I am always kind to him, but you seem to draw him to you irresistibly.  At that moment the professor came in.
I may rely upon you bearing in mind what I told you the other day?  “Yes, sir; I won’t forget.  “I know that you are faithful, and I only wish you understood the business well enough to be placed in charge.  “I wish so, too, said Chester, frankly.
As well be hanged for a sheep as for a lamb.  “You forget, Ralston, that such a wholesale draft will raise suspicion at the bank.  “You’re awfully cautious.  “I don’t want everything to miscarry through imprudence.  “Come, it is ten o’clock.
“And you have never been out this way before?  “This is my first visit to Tacoma.  “You are hardly old enough to be in business.  “I am an artist; that is, I furnish illustrations to a comic weekly paper in New York.  “You have begun life early.
The sun was on them for the moment, and they were opened flat, great five-pointed, seven-pointed lilac stars, with burning centres, burning with a strange lavender flame, as she had seen some metal burn lilac-flamed in the laboratory of the hospital at Islington.
Thus the treatise praises the ode by Sappho which it quotes, because the poet has taken the emotions incident to the frenzy of love from the attendant symptoms, from actuality, and first selected and then closely combined those which were conspicuous and intense.
Channels of Classical Theory   This perversion of rhetorical theory in the middle ages and early renaissance had resulted not from mere wrong-headedness on the part of the rhetoricians, but from the limited knowledge of classical tradition during the middle ages.
To our right, on the Owas, a tributary of the Sakaria, was the little village of Istanas, where stood the ancient seat of Midas, the Phrygian king, and where Alexander the Great cut with his sword the Gordian knot to prove his right to the rulership of the world.
Two days after his ascent, that gentleman paid a visit to the Armenian monastery at Echmiadzin, and was presented to the archimandrite as the Englishman who had just ascended to the top of “Masis. “No, said the ecclesiastical dignitary; “that cannot be.
Mount Ararat, it will be observed from the accompanying sketch, has two tops, a few hundred yards apart, sloping, on the eastern and western extremities, into rather prominent abutments, and separated by a snow valley, or depression, from 50 to 100 feet in depth.
One of the most serious of the many cases of attempted extortion occurred at a remote country town, where we arrived late one evening, after learning to our dismay that one of our remarkably few mistakes in the road had brought us just fifty miles out of the way.
Polite cross-examinations were not infrequent, and we fear that entire faith in our alleged journey was not general until, by riding through the dust and mud of Legation street, we proved that Chinese roads were not altogether impracticable for bicycle traveling.
As she watched them hoeing, crouching, tying, tending, grafting, mindless and utterly absorbed, hour after hour, day after day, thinking vines, living vines, she wondered they didn’t begin to sprout vine-buds and vine stems from their own elbows and neck-joints.
(14) To obtain the general consent of the realm for the assessment of  an ‘aid’ - except in the three cases specified above - or a ‘scutage’,  we will cause the archbishops, bishops, abbots, earls, and greater  barons to be summoned individually by letter.
Tatian, Hermas, Theophilus, and Tertullian savagely attacked profane poetry, and in defending it Basil, Athenagoras, Clement, and Origen were forced not unwillingly to rely more and more on the traditional moralistic theory of poetry which was so familiar to them.
IV                      THE JOURNEY FROM SAMARKAND TO KULDJA   On the morning of November 16 we took a last look at the blue domes and minarets of Samarkand, intermingled with the ruins of palaces and tombs, and then wheeled away toward the banks of the Zerafshan.
But e’er you go, my dearest Friend and Brother, Now you are sure of all the Joys you wish From Heaven, do not forgetful grow of that great Trust I gave you of all mine; but, like a Friend, Assist me in my great Concern of Love With fair Diana, your lovely Cousin.
An’t like your Majesty, our Gentlemen never get but twice in all their lives; that is, when Fathers die, they get good Estates; and when they marry, they get rich Wives: but I know what your Mightiness wou’d get by going into my Country and asking the Question.
This wholly fills and absorbs his every waking thought, and, in consequence, he denies his daughter Elaria and his niece Bellemante to their respective lovers, the Viceroy’s two nephews, Don Cinthio and Don Charmante, as being men of men of mere terrestial mould.
So, so, all things go gloriously forward, but my own Amour, and there is no convincing this obstinate Woman, that ‘twas that Rogue _Harlequin_ in Disguise, claim’d me; so that I cannot so much as come to deliver the young Ladies their Letters from their Lovers.
Seignior--  _Scar_.--Besides a violent Inclination, Sir, of being initiated into the Denomination of your learned Family, by the Conjugal Circumference of a Matrimonial Tye, with that singularly accomplish’d Person--Madam, the Governante of your Hostel--  _Doct_.
If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg-tm work.
“Chester, said Mr. Fairchild, “has Mr. Mullins mentioned to you that I start next Monday on a Western trip?  “I heard him say so to a gentleman in here on business.  “I shall have to leave Mr. Mullins to take charge of the office and run the business.
If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg-tm work.
If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg-tm work.
If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg-tm work.
If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg-tm work.
Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS, WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
We asked if we could get food and lodging, to which they replied, “Evet, evet (“Yes, yes), but when we asked them where, they simply pointed ahead, and shouted, “Bin, bin! We did not “bin this time, because it was too dark, and the streets were bad.
Besides the usual caravans of horses, donkeys, and two-wheeled vans, we occasionally met with a party of shaven-headed Tibetans traveling either as emissaries, or as traders in the famous Tibetan sheep-skins and furs, and the strongly-scented bags of the musk-deer.
If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg™ work.
Yes, and took on most heavily--the Doctors gave her over--and there was the Devil to do to get her to consent to this Marriage--but her Fortune was small, and the hope of a Ladyship, and a Gold Chain at the Spittal Sermon, did the Business--and so your Servant, Sir.
You seem to wonder, as if I dispossess’d The brave _Orgulius_; but be pleas’d to know, Such Reverence and Respect I owe that Lord, As had himself not made it his Petition, I sooner should have parted with my Right, Than have discharg’d my debt by injuring him.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
If he is locked up he will be prevented from doing any more harm.  As Dick Ralston will not again figure in this story, it may be mentioned here that he was found guilty in the trial that soon followed, and was sentenced to a term of several years’ imprisonment.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
This tradition, as the labors of many scholars, especially Spingarn, have shown, reached England both directly through the publication of classical writings and to an even greater degree indirectly through the commentaries and original treatises of Italian scholars.
What the ancients discussed in treatises on poetic, is now discussed in treatises on the technique of the short-story, the technique of the drama, the technique of the novel, on the one hand, and in treatises on versification, prosody, and lyric poetry on the other.
Latin: Cicero, Quintilian, Martianus   Capella, Curio Fortunatus, Mario Victorino, Victore, Emporio, Augustino,   Ruffinus, Trapezuntius, P. Ramus, L. Vives, Soarez, J. C. Scaliger,   Sturm, Strebaeus, Kechermann, Alstedius, N. Caussinus, J. G. Voss, A.   Valladero.
Stanyhurst in the _Dedication_ to his translation of Virgil (1582), like E. K., is concerned with style rather than matter, and of course primarily with the revival of classical meters, a subject already so thoroughly investigated that it need not be gone into here.
Many times also under the selfesame words they comprehend   some true understanding of naturall Philosophie, or sometimes of   politike government, and now and then of divinitie: and these same   sences that comprehend so excellent knowledge we call the   Allegorie.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
In the society of our representative, Mr. Henry M. Jewett, we were destined to spend several weeks; for a day or two after our arrival, one of us was taken with a slight attack of typhoid fever, supposed to have been contracted by drinking from the roadside streams.
“Ah, said he, “you will never do it. Then dropping his voice, he told us that those other ascents were all fictitious; that the summit of “Masis had never yet been reached except by Noah; and that we were about to attempt what was an utter impossibility.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
Yes, Madam, and a thousand things he said, By which much Shame and Passion he betray’d: And then ‘twas, Madam, I stept in and gave Counsels, I thought him fittest to receive; I sooth’d him up, and told him that the Crime I had committed, had the case been mine.
And again, in his Prologue to Southerne’s _The Disappointment_ (1684), he has:--      Last there are some, who take their first degrees     Of lewdness in our middle galleries:     The doughty bullies enter bloody drunk,     Invade and grabble one another’s punk.
Of course, that’s too thin!  “It is very important to take good care of your receipt, Mr. Long.  “Did you ever lose or mislay a receipt, sir?  “Yes, I have on two or three occasions.  “So that I am not the only one to whom it has happened.  “Mr.
You don’t want to lose the beginning of the play.  As Felix started off on a half run, Mr. Perkins said: “Do you know why I was so polite to Felix, who by all accounts isn’t your friend at all?  “No, I was rather puzzled.  “I wanted to get rid of him.
In the same house where he now occupied a hall bedroom was a large, square room well lighted with two windows, well furnished and having a good writing desk, left by some previous tenant in part payment of arrears of rent, which he could have for five dollars a week.
Well, I can only thank Providence which spared me the disgust and shame of marrying you, and I hope that, when I meet you on the streets of Leicester Square, I shall have forgiven you sufficiently to be able to throw you a coin—  Here was a pretty little epistle!
Yes, and in your case, men of Samos, said Aesop, my client will not do much further mischief--he has already made his fortune--but, if you put him to death, there will come others who are poor and who will consume all the revenues of the state by their embezzlements.
So between a section devoted to the _Philosophers of the Gentiles_ and a section entitled _Concerning Sibyls_ he wrote concerning the poets as follows:    Sometimes, however, the poets were called theologians, because they used   to compose songs concerning the gods.
Email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official page at https://pglaf.org  For additional contact information:      Dr. Gregory B. Newby      Chief Executive and Director      gbnewby@pglaf.org  Section 4.
At Geiveh, the last station on the Trans-Bosporus Railway, where we left the track to follow the Angora highway, the “ships of the desert are beginning to transfer their cargoes to the “land steamer, instead of continuing on as in former days to the Bosporus.
“Well, said he, as we rose to take leave, “your passports will be ready any time after to-morrow; in the mean time I shall be pleased to have your horses quartered and fed at government expense. This was a big joke for a Turk, and assured us of his good-will.
On dashing down into a village, we would produce consternation or fright, especially among the women and children, but after the first onset, giggling would generally follow, for our appearance, especially from the rear, seemed to strike them as extremely ridiculous.
But I shou’d wonder at it, since all your last Night’s Actions betray’d a strange depravity of Sense.--Sir, I have sought you long, and wish I had not found you yet, since both the Place and Company declare, how grossly you’ve dissembled Virtue all this while.
I have other Matters in hand--now have I four hundred Guineas in Bank, which I won last Night of _Bellmour_, which I’ll make use of to debauch his Sister, with whom I’m damnably in love, and long for the return of my two Setting-dogs, to bring me News of the Game.
She promptly abstracts five hundred pounds from her husband’s strong box and forwards it to her lover by Bredwel, disguised as a devil, with an amorous message purporting to be from some unknown bidding him attend at a certain trysting place that night without fail.
No, Sir, you had good Clothes when you came first, but they dwindled daily, till they dwindled to this old Campaign--with tan’d coloured Lining--once red--but now all Colours of the Rain-bow, a Cloke to sculk in a Nights, and a pair of piss-burn’d shammy Breeches.
Ay, ay, the Plot’s discovered, what shall I do?--Why, the Devil is not in her sure, to be refractory now, and peevish; if she be, I must pay my Money yet--and that would be a damn’d thing.--sure they’re coming out--I’ll retire and hearken how ’.is with them.
I see your Love your Reason has betray’d, But I’ll forgive the Faults which Love has made: ’.is true, I love, and do confess it too; Which if a Crime, I might have hid from you; But such a Passion ‘tis as does despise Whatever Rage you threaten from your Eyes.
At the Lane, where it was played with Mrs. Centlivre’s _A Bold Stroke for a Wife_ and billed ‘not acted 20 years’, Yates took Scaramouch; Palmer, Charmante; King, Cinthio; Winstone, Baliardo; Miss Murgatroyd, Bellemante; and the inimitable Mrs. Green, Mopsophil.
Not in _Propria Persona, Seignior_, but by Speculation, I have, and made most considerable Remarks on that incomparable _Terra Firma_, of which I have the compleatest Map in Christendom--and which _Gonzales_ himself omitted in his _Cosmographia_ of the _Lunar Mundus_.
Let not thy female Ignorance profane the highest Mysteries of natural Philosophy: To Fools it seems Inchantment--but I’ve a Sense can reach it--sit and expect the Event.--Hark, I am amaz’d, but must conceal my Wonder, that Joy of Fools--and appear wise in Gravity.
The wanton Aries first descends,     To show the Vigor and the Play,   Beginning Love, beginning Love attends,     When the young Passion is all-over Joy,   He bleats his soft Pain to the fair curled Throng,     And he leaps, and he bounds, and loves all the day long.
I didn’t know but you’d say it came here itself.  “No, I don’t think it did.  “I thought you’d own up arter a while.  “I own up to nothing.  “Isn’t the handkerchief yours?  “Yes.  “Then you stay here while Abel goes for the constable.
When the Northern Pacific Railroad is finished, every dollar your friend spent for his lots will be worth thirty or forty.  “I hope your predictions will come true, Mr. Perkins.  “Did I hear you speaking of Tacoma? asked a gentleman on Chester’s left hand.
One day she sat with the doctor in the car near the station—it was towards the end of September—held up by a squad of soldiers in khaki, who were marching off with their band wildly playing, to embark on the special troop train that was coming down from the north.
We will not for the future grant to any one license to take an aid from his own free tenants, except to ransom his body, to make his eldest son a knight, and once to marry his eldest daughter; and on each of these occasions there shall be levied only a reasonable aid.
And we shall procure nothing from any one, directly or indirectly, whereby any part of these concessions and liberties might be revoked or diminished; and if any such thing has been procured, let it be void and null, and we shall never use it personally or by another.
And we shall procure nothing from anyone, directly or indirectly, whereby any part of these concessions and liberties might be revoked or diminished; and if any such things has been procured, let it be void and null, and we shall never use it personally or by another.
_Memoria_, the art of memory, did not mean to the Greeks and Romans the art of learning by heart a written speech, but rather the art of keeping ready for use a fund of argumentative material, together with the features of the case which the speaker might be pleading.
Then, too, they were of great assistance in crossing streams where the depth would have necessitated the stripping of garments; although their fiery little steeds sometimes objected to having an extra rider astride their haunches, and a bicycle across their shoulders.
Although the old gentleman was opposed to the ascent in the first instance, his old Alpine spirit arose within him with all its former vigor when once he had started up the mountain slope; and now, when almost in sight of the very goal, his strength began to fail him.
What is practically a translation of _Les Fourberies de Scapin_ by Otway, was produced at the Duke’s Theatre in 1677, and in the same year Ravenscroft included a great part of it in his _Scaramouch a Philosopher, Harlequin a Schoolboy, Bravo, Merchant, and Magician_.
He’s here, and with his Wife; how shall I do to deliver my Letter to her;--Sir, by the order of my Master, Don _Carlos_, the Governour, I am commanded to come hither to the end that, going from hence, and returning to my Master, I may be able to inform him--  _Fran_.
You _Spaniards_ are a jealous Nation, But in this _English Spaniard_ Old _Francisco_, That mad Passion’s doubled; wholly deprives him of his Sense, and turns his Nature Brute; wou’d he but trust me only with my Woman, I wou’d contrive some way to see my _Carlos_.
too late I find my Confidence Has overcome my unhappy Bashfulness; I had an humbler Suit to approach you with; But this unlook’d for Honour Has soon confounded all my lesser aims, As were they not essential to my Being, I durst not name them after what y’have done.
Gherardi was a man of culture, and he collected and edited a number of scenes, written in French, which were on the boards intermingled and played with the Italian farces in order to raise the tone of, and give something more solid and durable to, these entertainments.
The Nymph no longer shall be shy,     But leave the jilting Road;   And_ Daphne _now no more shall fly     The wounded panting God;   But all shall be serene and fair,     No sad Complaints of Love   Shall fill the gentle whispering Air,     No echoing Sighs the Grove.
Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS, WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
Email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s web site and official page at https://pglaf.org  For additional contact information:      Dr. Gregory B. Newby      Chief Executive and Director      gbnewby@pglaf.org  Section 4.
The shop was now only opened on Friday afternoons and evenings, so every day, twice a day, James was seen dithering bare-headed and hastily down the street, as if pressed by fate, to the Conservative Club, and twice a day he was seen as hastily returning, to his meals.
Ciccio ordered coffee with rum—and the hard-faced Grazia, in her unfresh head-dress, dabbled the little dirty coffee-cups in dirty water, took the coffee-pot out of the ashes, poured in the old black boiling coffee three parts full, and slopped the cup over with rum.
We will not for the future grant to anyone license to take an aid from his own free tenants, except to ransom his person, to make his eldest son a knight, and once to marry his eldest daughter; and on each of these occasions there shall be levied only a reasonable aid.
Mr. Bryce and others have spoken of the astonishing height of the snow-line on Mount Ararat, which is placed at 14,000 feet; while in the Alps it is only about 9000 feet, and in the Caucasus on an average 11,000 feet, although they lie in a very little higher latitude.
When for a drunken Sot, that had kind hours, And taking their own freedoms, left you yours; ’.was your delib’rate choice your days to pass With a damn’d, sober, self-admiring Ass, Who thinks good usage for the Sex unfit, And slights ye out of Sparkishness and Wit.
Sir, e’er I could dispose my Eyes to sleep, I heard the Musick at my Chamber-door, And such a Song as could be none but yours; But that was finish’d in a noise less pleasant, In that of Swords and Quarrel; And amongst which, I thought I heard yours and _Alcippus’.
Ciccio set her down, looked long into her eyes, inscrutably, smiling, and said:  “I come tomorrow.  With which he ducked and ran out of the yard, picking up his bicycle like a feather, and, taking no notice of Miss Pinnegar, letting the yard-door bang to behind him.
In addition we have caused letters patent to be made for the barons, bearing witness to this security and to the concessions set out above, over the seals of Stephen archbishop of Canterbury, Henry archbishop of Dublin, the other bishops named above, and Master Pandulf.
When we ventured to thank him for his hospitality toward two strangers, and even foreigners, he said that this world occupied so small a space in God’s dominion, that we could well afford to be brothers, one to another, in spite of our individual beliefs and opinions.
Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ’AS-IS,’ WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
The mighty _Sultan_, to do you honour, has set your Daughter and her Lover free, ransomless;--and this day gives ‘em liberty to solemnize the Nuptials in the Court;--but Christian Ceremonies must be private; but you’re to be admitted, and I’ll conduct you to ‘em.
‘Twas that first drew me in-- The tempting Hope of Means to conquer you, Wou’d put me upon any dangerous Enterprize: Were I the Lord of all the Universe, I am so lost in Love, For one dear Night to clasp you in my Arms, I’d lavish all that World--then die with Joy.
I find, Sir _Feeble_, we were a couple of old Fools indeed, to think at our Age to cozen two lusty young Fellows of their Mistresses; ‘tis no wonder that both the Men and the Women have been too hard for us; we are not fit Matches for either, that’s the truth on’t.
Brother, that Captive you can ne’er retrieve More by the Victor’s death, than if he live, For she in Honour cannot him prefer, Who shall become her Husband’s Murderer; By safer ways you may that blessing gain, When venturing thus through Blood and Death prove vain.
Hain’t he writ anything special to you?  “I had a letter yesterday, but there was nothing special in it.  “I suppose he didn’t say nothin’ about his place?  “Yes; he likes it very much.  “I don’t like to say it, widder, but he’s deceivin’ you.
And to Alvina: “Sit down, my dear, and see what a good actor we have in our Louis.  Louis glanced round, laid his head a little on one side and drew in his chin, with Mr. May’s smirk exactly, and wagging his tail slightly, he commenced to play the false Kishwégin.
He trotted for some distance by our side, and then, pressing our hands in both of his, he said with childlike sincerity: “I hope God will take care of you; for he was possessed with the thought popular among Armenians, of pillages and massacres by marauding brigands.
Are we sure she’s a Woman, Sir?--Sure, she’s in her Teens, has Pride and Vanity--and two or three Sins more that I cou’d name, all which never fail to assist a Woman in Debauchery--But, Sir, there are certain People that belong to her, that must be consider’d too.
Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you—‘AS-IS’, WITH NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
As he gave a little assertive shake of his head, finishing, there came a great yell of laughter from the opposite pavement, where a gang of pottery lasses, in aprons all spattered with grey clay, and hair and boots and skin spattered with pallid spots, had stood to watch.
Vague and unquestioning she went through the days, she accompanied Ciccio into town, she went with him to make purchases, or she sat by his side in the music hall, or she stayed in her room and sewed, or she sat at meals with the Califanos, a vague brightness on her face.
(19) If any assizes cannot be taken on the day of the county court, as many knights and freeholders shall afterwards remain behind, of those who have attended the court, as will suffice for the administration of justice, having regard to the volume of business to be done.
No scutage nor aid shall be imposed on our kingdom, unless by common counsel of our kingdom, except for ransoming our person, for making our eldest son a knight, and for once marrying our eldest daughter; and for these there shall not be levied more than a reasonable aid.
No scutage not aid shall be imposed on our kingdom, unless by common counsel of our kingdom, except for ransoming our person, for making our eldest son a knight, and for once marrying our eldest daughter; and for these there shall not be levied more than a reasonable aid.
And on this head, we have caused to be made for them letters testimonial patent of the lord Stephen, archbishop of Canterbury, of the lord Henry, archbishop of Dublin, of the bishops aforesaid, and of Master Pandulf as touching this security and the concessions aforesaid.
This ornament is given to it by figures and figurative speaches, which   be the flowers, as it were, and colours that a Poet setteth upon his   language of arte, as the embroderer doth his stone and perle or   passements of gold upon the stuffe of a Princely garment[238].
When our own meal was brought to us some time after, we noticed that the fourteen eggs we had doled out had been reduced to six; and the other materials suffered a similar reduction, the whole thing being so patent as to make their attempt at innocence absurdly ludicrous.
Instead of the former military colonies of plundering Cossacks, who really become more assimilated to the Kirghiz than these to their conquerors, the _mir_, or communal system, is now penetrating these fertile districts, and systematically replacing the Mongolian culture.
Who should appear to me on Madison Avenue but the old man.  “Your father?  “Yes; he left a good, comfortable home up in the country, and came here to see if he couldn’t get some money out of me.  “Did he?  “I gave him a quarter and advised him to go back.
For in the prospectus James would include: “Trained nurse always on the premises.  “Why! cried Miss Pinnegar, for once brutally and angrily hostile to him: “You’ll make it sound like a private lunatic asylum.  “Will you explain why? answered James tartly.
The nostalgia, the campanilismo from which Italians suffer, the craving to be in sight of the native church-tower, to stand and talk in the native market place or piazza, this was only half formed in Ciccio, taken away as he had been from Pescocalascio when so small a boy.
And, on this head, we have caused to be made for them letters testimonial patent of the lord Stephen, archbishop of Canterbury, of the lord Henry, archbishop of Dublin, of the bishops aforesaid, and of Master Pandulf as touching this security and the concessions aforesaid.
A third phase of the influence of rhetorical terminology I have already touched on in an article on _The Requirements of a Poet[1]_, where I have shown that historically the renaissance ideal of the nature and education of a poet is in part derived from classical rhetoric.
Quintilian praises the peroration of Priam's speech begging Achilles for the body of Hector,[78] and Cicero gives a rhetorical analysis of the speech of the old man in the _Andria_ of Terence, where the arrangement is especially appropriate to the character of the speaker.
Because Cox founded his treatise on the sound scholarship of Melanchthon, and Wilson wrote with the text of his Cicero and his Quintilian open before him, neither was so completely under the mediaeval influence as were most of the subsequent writers on rhetoric in England.
Besides being the capital of Rumili, the former Seljuk province of Cappadocia, it is the place of residence for a French and American consular representative, and an agent of the Russian government for the collection of the war indemnity, stipulated in the treaty of ’78.
Its founder, Seyd Mohammed Ali, better known as Bab, or “Gate, promulgated the doctrine of anarchy to the extent of “sparing the rod and spoiling the child, and still worse, perhaps, of refusing to the ladies no finery that might be at all becoming to their person.
After the usual visés had been stamped and written over, we were off on what proved to be our six months’ experience in the “Middle Kingdom or Central Empire, as the natives call it, for to Chinamen there is a fifth point to the compass—the center, which is China.
This, with the Shanghai-kuan near the sea, and the Yuamin-kuan, on the Nankow pass, are the principal gateways in this “wall of ten thousand _li_, which, until forced by Yengiz Khan, protected the empire from the Mongolian nomads for a period of fourteen hundred years.
The most interesting of the ornaments in the room were portraits of Li-Hung-Chang himself, Krupp the gun-maker, Armstrong the ship-builder, and the immortal “Chinese Gordon, the only foreigner, it is said, who has ever won a spark of admiration from the Chinese people.
To which I (who, though I say it, am well enough bred for a Knight) answered the Civility thus--I vow to Fortune, Sir--I did not swear, but cry’d--I protest, Sir, _Celinda_, deserves--no, no, I lye again, ‘twas merits--Ay, _Celinda_--merits a much better Husband than I.
Though I am come off _en Cavalier_ with my Master, I am not with my Mistress, whom I promised to console this Night, and ‘tis but just I shou’d make good this Morning; ‘twill be rude to surprize her sleeping, and more gallant to wake her with a Serenade at her Window.
Lots in Tacoma are rising every day.  “But it wouldn’t be well to sell at present, would it?  “No; the railroad has only recently been completed, and the growth of Tacoma has only just begun.  “I hope to go West some day.  “When you do you must call on me.
And yet, the very cabbage-stumps and rotten fences of the gardens, the very back-yards were instinct with magic, molten as they seemed with the bubbling-up of the under-darkness, bubbling up of majolica weight and luminosity, quite ignorant of the sky, heavy and satisfying.
If I said to her ‘What shall we have for supper, Grace?’ as sure as anything she’d answer ‘Oh, I shall take a bath when I go to bed—that will be my supper.’ She was one of these advanced vegetarian women, don’t you know.  “How extraordinary! said Alvina.
Thus Dame Rethoryke in her talk on _inventio_, is conducting a defense of poetry on the following grounds: it teaches profound truth under the guise of allegory; it blames the vicious and overcomes vice; it is the enemy of sloth; it records the honorable deeds of great men.
The matter of how much to accept of a Chinese present, and how much to pay for it, in the way of a tip to the bearer, is one of the finest points of that finest of fine arts, Chinese etiquette; and yet in the midst of such an abundance and variety we were hopelessly at sea.
She went up some dirty-yellowish steps, and rang the “Patients’ bell, because she knew she ought not to ring the “Tradesmen’s. A servant, not exactly dirty, but unattractive, let her into a hall painted a dull drab, and floored with cocoa-matting, otherwise bare.
Meanwhile, the lawyer went on with the proving of the will and the drawing up of a final account of James’s property; Mr. May went on with the Endeavour, though Alvina did not go down to play; Miss Pinnegar went on with the work-girls: and Alvina went on unmaking her mind.
The only two habitable rooms were the kitchen and Alvina’s bedroom: and the kitchen, with its little grated windows high up in the wall, one of which had a broken pane and must keep one-half of its shutters closed, was like a dark cavern vaulted and bitter with wood-smoke.
Their service to subsequent criticism has been so great and their critical thinking on the whole so sound that it may seem ungracious to call attention to a few cases where they were unable to shake themselves entirely free from the mediaeval tradition of classical rhetoric.
The Scholastic Grouping of Poetic, Rhetoric and Logic   The scholastic grouping of logic, rhetoric, and poetic which Savonarola derived from St. Thomas Aquinas[345] persisted for four centuries, rejuvenated by contact with the richer classical scholarship of the renaissance.
By the time we reached the khan the crowd had become almost a mob, pushing and tumbling over one another, and yelling to every one in sight that “the devil’s carts have come. The inn-keeper came out, and we had to assure him that the mob was actuated only by curiosity.
Long before we reached a stream, the inhabitants of a certain town or village would gather round, and with troubled countenances say, “Christian gentlemen—there is no bridge, pointing to the river beyond, and graphically describing that it was over our horses’ heads.
They are unable to protest even when Sir Feeble finds that his daughter Diana has married Bredwel instead of Sir Cautious’ nephew Bearjest for whom she was designed, whilst the choused fop is wedded to Pert, Lady Fulbank’s woman, to whom he had been previously contracted.
‘Tis she; support me, _Charles_, or I shall sink to Earth, --Methought in passing by she cast a scornful glance at me; Such charming Pride I’ve seen upon her Eyes, When our Love-Quarrels arm’d ‘em with Disdain-- I’ll after ‘em, if I live she shall not ‘scape me.
_Wasteall_--ha, ha, ha,--if you are any Friend to that poor Fellow--you may return and tell him, Sir--d’ye hear--that the Mortgage of two hundred pound a Year is this day out, and I’ll not bait him an hour, Sir--ha, ha, ha,--what, do you think to hector civil Magistrates?
Madam, I hope you do not question that, Was it not all the faults you found with me, The reputation of my want of Courage, A thousand Furies are not like a Battle; And but for you, By _Jove_, I would not fight it o’er again For all the glory on’t; and now do you doubt me?
A strange wild thing, a Lover without reason; I once have prov’d the torture on’t, But as unlike to thine as good from evil; Like fire in Limbecks, mine was soft and gentle, Infusing kindly heat, till it distill’d The spirits of the Soul out at my Eyes, And so it ended.
v, I. ‘Marry him, sweet Lady, to answere his bitter Bob,’ and Buckingham’s _The Rehearsal_ (1671), Act iii, I, where Bayes cries: ‘There’s a bob for the Court.’ A dry bob (literally = a blow or fillip that does not break the skin) is an intensely bitter taunt, cf.
The conduct of the amour between Lady Fulbank and Gayman, founded as it is on Shirley’s _The Lady of Pleasure_, has nothing in common with Otway’s intrigue between Beaugard and Portia--_The Atheist_ (1683)--which owes itself to Scarron’s novel, _The Invisible Mistress_.
It’s rather late to call, but I thought you might like to hear about York, seein’ Chester is there.  “Have you been to New York to-day?  “Yes; I went up on a little business.  “Did you see Chester?  “No, I didn’t see him, answered Silas, significantly.
“No, I don’t want to go.  “But you think Italy ought to join in?  “Yes, I do.  “Then you _do_ want to go—  “I want to go if Italy goes in—and she ought to go in—  Curious, he was somewhat afraid of her, he half venerated her, and half despised her.
As Bornecque has shown, the fact that the rhetoric of the declamation schools was so unreal, so preoccupied with imaginary cases, and so given over to attainment of stylistic brilliancy, in no small measure explains the loss in late Latin literature of the sense of structure.
The rhetorical influence is readily recognized in Vida's preoccupation with the mechanics of poetry and in Scaliger's over-analysis and extensive treatment of the rhetorical figures, the high, low, and mean styles, the three elements (material, form, and execution) of poetry.
Apuleius, writing of a certain virtuous young man, the hero of one of the episodes of the _Metamorphoses_, makes the following incidental remark: The master of the house had a young son well instructed in good literature, and consequently remarkable for his piety and modesty.
Traversed by several copious streams from the Nan Shan mountains, and the moisture-laden currents from the Bay of Bengal and the Brahmaputra valley, its “desert stretches are not the dismal solitudes of the Tarim basin or the “Black and “Red sands of central Asia.
We then have fitted you with one to day, ’.is writ as ‘twere a Recantation Play; Renouncing all that has pretence to witty, T’oblige the Reverend_ Brumighams _o’th’ City: No smutty Scenes, no Jests to move your Laughter, Nor Love that so debauches all your Daughters.
To some blest place, where Lovers do reside, Free from the noise of Jealousy and Pride; Where we shall know no other Power but Love, And where even thou wilt soft and gentle prove; So gentle, that if I should meet thee there, Thou would’st allow, what thou deny’st me here.
He tells us that: ‘to say nothing of the colour (the Lunar whereof I made mention before, which notwithstanding is so incredibly beautiful, as a man should travel 1000 Leagues to behold it), the shape is somewhat flat of the breadth of a _Pistolett_, and twice the thickness.
In fact, I don’t believe you can do it.  “I’ll try, Mr. Tripp.  Chester did not care to mention the new boarder that was expected, as he thought it probable that Mr. Tripp, who always looked out for his own interests, would try to induce Miss Dolby to board with him.
On the spring pasture were feeding several flocks of the famous Angora goats, and the _karamanli_ or fat-tailed sheep, tended by the Yurak shepherds and their half-wild and monstrous collies, whose half-savage nature fits them to cope with the jackals which infest the country.
It is impossible. Mr. Bryce himself says: “I am persuaded that there is not a person living within sight of Ararat, unless it be some exceptionally educated Russian official at Erivan, who believes that any human foot, since Father Noah’s, has trodden that sacred summit.
When darkness fell, and the simmering music of the samovar had gradually died away; when the flitting swallows in the room had ceased their chirp, and settled down upon the rafters overhead, we ourselves would turn in under our fur-lined coats upon the leather-covered benches.
Our _Turkish_ Galley thus man’d, I’ll put to Sea, and about a League from Land, with a sham-fight set on that of Old _Francisco_, take it, make ‘em all Slaves, clap the Old Fellow under hatches, and then you may deal with the fair Slave his Wife, as _Adam_ did with _Eve_.
In the course of Lady Bornwell’s intrigue with Kickshaw he is taken blindfold to the house of the procuress, Decoy, who, in the guise of a doting crone, leads him to a chamber where he imagines he is to meet a succubus, whilst the Lady, unknown to him, entertains him herself.
A ballad on the Rye House Plot, entitled _The Conspiracy; or, The Discovery of the Fanatic Plot_, sings:--      Next valiant and noble Lord Howard,       That formerly dealt in lamb’s wool;     Who knowing what it is to be towered,       By impeaching may fill the jails full.
Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
We will go to Fifth Avenue, and then walk down to Thirty-fourth Street.  “That is where Mr. Conrad lives, isn’t it?  “Yes; it is one of the wide streets, like Fourteenth and Twenty-third, and this street.  “There are some fine houses here.  “I should think so.
“You wouldn’t get more than thirty-five cents for such a picture, would you?  “I was paid five dollars for that.  “Do tell! exclaimed Mrs. Crosby, who was brought up in a country town and still used some of the expressions which were familiar to her in early days.
Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
Whilst James lashed out, to use the local phrase, in robes and “suits, Miss Pinnegar steadily ground away, producing strong, indestructible shirts and singlets for the colliers, sound, serviceable aprons for the colliers’ wives, good print dresses for servants, and so on.
And still his voice went on clapping in her ear, and still his presence edged near her, and seemed to impinge on her—a smallish, semi-grotesque, grey-obscure figure with a naked brandished forearm: not human: a creature of the subterranean world, melted out like a bat, fluid.
Very unpleasantly.  “But you accepted him—  “Anything to quieten him—like a hysterical child.  “Yes, but I’m not sure you haven’t taken a very risky way of quietening him, giving him what he wanted—  “I think, said Alvina, “I can look after myself.
And the crumbs of snow were like a speckled veil, faintly drifting the atmosphere and powdering the littered threshold where they stood—a threshold littered with faggots, leaves, straw, fowls and geese and ass droppings, and rag thrown out from the house, and pieces of paper.
The lousy-looking, dressed-up dolls, life size and tinselly, that stood in the glass cases; the blood-streaked Jesus on the crucifix; the mouldering, mumbling, filthy peasant women on their knees; all the sense of trashy, repulsive, degraded fetish-worship was too much for her.
Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
It is thus that he distinguishes the poet from the historian: although the historian also uses images, he is restricted to relating what has happened--that is, to fact; while the poet relates what should happen--what is possible according to the law of probability or necessity.
But if the middle ages had no opportunity to apply rhetoric in its function of persuasion in communal affairs, they did have real need of an art of writing letters and of preparing lay or ecclesiastical documents, such as contracts, wills, and records, and of preaching sermons.
Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work.
Down the narrow valley of the Kuitun, which flows into the Ebi-nor, startling the mountain deer from the brink of the tree-arched rivulet, we reached a spot which once was the haunt of a band of those border-robbers about whom we had heard so much from our apprehensive friends.
Steam navigation in the Pei-ho river, over the forty or fifty miles’ stretch from Tientsin to the gulf, is rendered very slow by the sharp turns in the narrow stream—the adjoining banks being frequently struck and plowed away by the bow or stern of the large ocean steamers.
Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™ works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work.
Their Uncle hears of this with much indignation, and at the same time receiving a letter from Diana begging for a divorce, he announces his intention to further her purpose, and to abandon wholly Charles and Phillis, his sister, in consequence of their elder brother’s conduct.
With more facility, than when the Dart Arm’d with resistless fire first seiz’d my Heart; ’.was long then e’er the Boy could entrance get, And make his little Victory compleat; And now he’as got the knack on’t, ‘tis with ease He domineers, and enters when he please.
That’s bravely sworn, and now I love thee more Than e’er I was oblig’d to do before, --But yet, _Erminia_, guard thee from his Eyes, Where so much love, and so much Beauty lies; Those charms may conquer thee, which made me bow, And make thee love as well as break this Vow.
No, not at all, _Alcander_; I’m my self, I was not in a Dream, nor in a Passion When she appear’d, her Face a little pale, But else my own _Erminia_, she her self, I mean a thing as like, nay, it spoke too, And I undaunted answer’d it again; But when you knockt it vanisht.
It was not until the second week had passed that her excitement began to merge into irritation, and not until the third week had gone by that she began to feel herself entangled in an asphyxiating web of indecision, and her heart began to sing because Ciccio had never turned up.
And again and again he would balk the stream, while a violet-blue dusk descended on the white, wide stream-bed, and the scrub and lower hills became dark, and in heaven, oh, almost unbearably lovely, the snow of the near mountains was burning rose, against the dark-blue heavens.
Ah, Sir, the late Petition which I made you Might have inform’d you why these Knees are bow’d; ’.was but this night I did confess I lov’d him, And you would have allow’d that Passion in me, Had he not been _Erminia’s_: And can you question now what this Address meant?
_Erminia_, may thy Dreams be calm and sweet, As thou hast made my Soul; May nothing of the Cruelty that’s past, Approach thee in a rude uneasy thought; Remember it not so much as in thy Prayers, Let me alone to thank the Gods for thee, To whom that Blessing only was ordain’d.
When Alvina came downstairs at about four in the afternoon she found a package: a comb of carved bone, and a message from Madame: “To Miss Houghton, with kindest greetings and most sincere thanks from Kishwégin.  The comb with its carved, beast-faced serpent was her portion.
I hope to show that the English critics who formulated theories of poetry in the renaissance derived much of their critical terminology, not directly from the rediscovered classical theories of poetry, but through various channels from classical theories and practice of rhetoric.
This Fellow’s of a quick Wit and good Apprehension, though possibly he cannot act the Don so well, yet that which makes up the best part of our young Gallants now a-days, he shall not want; that is, good Clothes, Money, and an Equipage,--and a little Instruction will serve turn.
Ods bobs, when I was a young Fellow, I wou’d not let the young Wenches look pale and wan--but would rouse ‘em, and touse ‘em, and blowze ‘em, till I put a colour in their Cheeks, like an Apple _John_, affacks--Nay, I can make a shift still, and Pupsey shall not be jealous.
So, that young Gentleman has nettled him, stung him to the quick: I hope he’ll chain her up--the Gad-Bee’s in his Quonundrum--in Charity I’ll relieve him--Come, my Lady _Fulbank_, the Night grows old upon our hands; to dancing, to jiggiting--Come, shall I lead your Ladyship?
I have added to the list ‘Page to _Pisaro_; Clergy; Officers;’ and have named Lysette from Act iii, v. 4to 1671 spells Orgulius, Orguilious; Falatius, Falatio; Cleontius, Cleontious in the Dramatis Personae, but in the text I have spelled these names throughout following 1724.
D’Urfey, _Madam Fickle_ (1682), Act v, ii, when Flaile says: ’.’have killed a Mon yonder, He that you quarrell’d with about your Crack there.’ Farquhar, _Love and a Bottle_ (1698), Act v, ii, has: ‘You imagine I have got your whore, cousin, your crack.’ Grose, _Dict.
Crowne’s _The Country Wit_ (1675), Act ii, II, where Lady Faddle cries to her maid, ‘run to my milliner’s for my gloves and essences ... run for my new towre.’ Shadwell, _The Virtuoso_ (1676), Act iii, mentions ‘Tires for the head, locks, tours, frouzes, and so forth’.
I, where Harman senior remarks at Towerson and Ysabinda’s wedding: ‘You Englishmen ... cannot stay for ceremonies; a good honest Dutchman would have been plying the glass all this while, and drunk to the hopes of Hans in Kelder till ‘twas bedtime.’  p. 204 an _Apple John_.
Mrs. Rand had earned a small income by plain sewing and binding shoes for a shoe shop in the village, but to her dismay the announcement had just been made that the shop would close through the winter on account of the increased price of leather and overproduction during the year.
“The minister’s got some company, went on Abel, “and he’s given an extra large order.  “How do you like working in the store, Abel?  “It’s hard work, harder than I thought.  “But remember what a magnificent salary you will get, said Chester, with a smile.
In prose and metre of all kynde ywys   This lady blyssed had lust for to playe   With her was blesens Richarde pophys   Farrose pystyls clere lusty fresshe and gay   With maters vere poetes in good array   Ovyde, Omer, Vyrgyll, Lucan, Orace   Alane, Bernarde, Prudentius and Stace.
The delay on the part of the Russian authorities in granting us permission to enter Transcaspia had postponed at least a month our arrival in Tashkend, and now, owing to the early advent of the rainy season, the roads leading north were almost impassable even for the native carts.
Celinda’s old nurse, at night, admits Bellmour to her mistress’ chamber, where they are surprized by Friendlove, her brother, who is, however, favourable to the union, the more so as he is a friend of Bellmour, and they have but newly returned from travelling together in Italy.
The character of Scaramouch was admirably suited to Tony Leigh, a low comedian ‘of the mercurial kind’, who ‘in humour ... loved to take a full career’, whilst Tom Jevon, young, slim and most graceful of dancers, proved the King of all Harlequins, past, present and to come.
Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.
“I am a mechanic on small wages, and I can’t afford to pay my rent twice.  “Did you pay the rent to Mr. Mullins?  “Yes, sir.  “When?  “Day before yesterday.  “Then he gave you a receipt?  “He did, sir.  “It seems to me that than settles the question.
I am of a sensitive nature, and I could not bear the cold looks I met with.  “How long ago was this?  “About six months since.  “You came to New York directly?  “Yes.  “Where did you get the money to come?  “I came by it honestly, answered Edward, quickly.
“Fully believing in my friend Floyd’s story, for I know him to be a gentleman of truth, I thought your mother ought to know it.  “I was about to make my will at Mr. Trimble’s suggestion, leaving him all my property, said Mrs. Trimble, regarding her husband suspiciously.
Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.
Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.
at most for the entire knight’s ‘fee’, and any man that owes less shall pay less, in accordance with the ancient usage of ‘fees’  (3) But if the heir of such a person is under age and a ward, when he comes of age he shall have his inheritance without ‘relief’ or fine.
Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.
Bornecque has shown that the strife of the forum and the genuine debates of the senate no longer kept tough the sinews of public speech, and the orators sank back in lassitude on the remaining harmless but unreal occasional oratory and on the fictitious declamations of the schools.
It can thus hardly be a coincidence that Milton, while citing the only surviving literary critic of classical antiquity who gave proper emphasis to the importance of passion in poetry,[259] should himself be the first English critical writer to urge for passion the same importance.
With the exception of Sidney and Jonson, who knew the theories of the Italian renaissance, the English critics believed with Horace that poetry was at once pleasant and profitable, and agreed with Plutarch that poetry, if rightly used, would be of benefit in the education of youth.
Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg-tm License.
Wading in our Russian top-boots through the treacherous fords of the “Snake defile, we passed the pyramidal slate rock known as the “Gate of Tamerlane, and emerged upon a strip of the Kizil-Kum steppe, stretching hence in painful monotony to the bank of the Sir Daria river.
V      OVER THE GOBI DESERT AND THROUGH THE WESTERN GATE OF THE GREAT WALL   Russian influence, which even now predominates at Kuldja, was forcibly indicated, the day after our arrival, during our investigations as to the validity of our Chinese passports for the journey to Peking.
Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project Gutenberg™ License.
Why, your Mistress _Leticia_, your contracted Wife, is this Morning to be married to old Sir _Feeble Fainwou’d_, induc’d to’t I suppose by the great Jointure he makes her, and the improbability of your ever gaining your Pardon for your high Duel--Do I speak _English_ now, Sir?
The same, by virtue of which, all Weight was taken from him, and then with ease the lofty Traveller flew from _Parnassus Hill_, and from _Hymethus Mount_, and high _Gerania_, and _Acrocorinthus_, thence to _Taygetus_, so to _Olympus_ Top, from whence he had but one step to the Moon.
There was no Elevated railroad then, nor horse cars either, for that matter, and where this hotel stands there was a riding school or something of that sort.  “Are you going to stay here long?  “I go to Washington to-morrow, stopping at Philadelphia and Baltimore on the way.
Rhetoric as Aureate Language   As to the late middle ages rhetoric had come to mean to all intents nothing more than style, it is frequently personified in picturesque mediaeval allegory, never as being engaged in any useful occupation, but as adding beauty, color, or charm to life.
We had intended, but not so soon, to pay an official visit to the Vali to present our letter from the Grand Vizir, and to ask his permission to proceed to Bayazid, whence we had planned to attempt the ascent of Mount Ararat, an experience which will be described in the next chapter.
For amusements, the city has a theater, a small imitation of the opera-house at Paris; and the Military Club, which, with its billiards and gambling, and weekly reunions, balls, and concerts, though a regular feature of a Russian garrison town, is especially pretentious in Tashkend.
Its strategical position at the point where the Hoang-ho makes its great bend to the north, and where the gateway of the West begins, as well as its picturesque location in one of the greatest fruit-bearing districts of China, makes it one of the most important cities of the empire.
|                            [See the late Satir on Poetry] At Poetry of late, and such whose Skill     | Excels your own, you dart a feeble Quill;   | Well may you rail at what you ape so ill.   | With virtuous Women, and all Men of Worth, You’re in a state of mortal War by Birth.
Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
Is he as big as me?  “Oh, no, he is a thin, dried-up, little man, who looks as if he hadn’t had a full meal of victuals in his life.  “What time does he shut up shop?  “About this time, answered Chester, rather puzzled by the tramp’s persistence in asking questions.
About eight o’clock on Monday morning Chester, accompanied by his friend Conrad, turned down Fourteenth Street from Sixth Avenue and kept on till they reached an office over which was the sign:  “Clement Fairchild, Real Estate.  “This is the place, Chester, said the artist.
Whenever you have any letters to write, we will furnish you a desk and all facilities.  “Thank you, Mr. Gripp; you’re very obleeging.  So the old man went out, feeling very complacent over his new investment, and much pleased with the handsome way he was treated by Mr. Gripp.
Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
Then suddenly he straightened himself, pushed back his brown hair that was brushed up in the German fashion, and crossed himself, dropping his knee as before an altar; crossed himself and dropped his knee once more; and then a third time crossed himself and inclined before the altar.
Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
Perhaps the most significant and valuable critical treatise after Aristotle is that golden pamphlet _On the Sublime_ erroneously ascribed to Longinus, which, anonymous and mutilated as it is, still holds our attention by its sincerity, insight, and enthusiastic love for great poetry.
Who so thynketh my wrytynge dull and blont   And wolde conceyve the colours purperate   Of Rethoryke, go he to tria sunt   And to Galfryde the poete laureate   To Janneus a clerke of grete estate   Within the fyrst parte of his gramer boke   Of this mater there groundely may he loke.
Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
But the most of them generally consisted of a series of trivial interrogations beginning usually with: “How old are you? Owing to our beards, which were now full grown, and which had gained for us the frequent title of _yeh renn_, or wild men, the guesses were far above the mark.
Many a time we would enter an inn with our arms filled with provisions, purchased at the neighboring bazaars, take possession of the oven and cooking utensils, and proceed to get up an American meal, while all the time a hundred eyes or more would be staring at us in blank amazement.
Sir, if the Figure you make, approaching so near ours of this World, have made us commit any undecent Indignity to your high Character, you ought to pardon the Frailty of our mortal Education and Ignorance, having never before been bless’d with the Descension of any from your World.
Why, a millionaire, whose name would be very familiar to you if I could venture to mention it, came here last week and wanted to invest fifty thousand dollars in our bonds, but I firmly refused to take more than five thousand.  “I don’t see why you should, said Silas, puzzled.
So they ate slices of sausages and bread and fried rice-balls, with wonderfully greasy fingers, and they drank red wine in big throatfuls out of bottles, and they offered their fare to Ciccio and Alvina, and were charmed when she said to Ciccio she _would_ have some bread and sausage.
Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation   The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
The Abbé Montfaucon de Villars (1635-73) had wittily satirized the philosophy of Paracelsus and the Rosicrucians and their belief in sylphs and elemental spirits in his _Le Comte de Gabalis ou Entretiens sur les sciences secrètes_ (Paris, 1670), which was ‘done into English by P.A.
I shall be satisfied with you.  When Chester returned to the office Mullins asked, sharply: “What did Perkins want to say to you?  “He asked me to dine with him to-night at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.  “Speak a good word for me, Chester, said Ralston, with unusual affability.
But when she saw him, the first evening, sitting stiff and staring flatly in front of him in Chapel, staring away from everything in the world, at heaven knows what—just as fishes stare—then his dishumanness came over her again like an arrest, and arrested all her flights of fancy.
Offerton did you say?  “Yes.  “Offerton!—where’s that?  “About eight mile.  “Really—and how do you get there?  “You can walk—or go by train.  “Oh, there is a station?  “Station! The policeman looked at him as if he were either a criminal or a fool.
And if any of the said assizes cannot be taken on the day of the county court, let there remain of the knights and freeholders, who were present at the county court on that day, as many as may be required for the efficient making of judgments, according as the business be more or less.
And if any of the said assizes cannot be taken on the day of the county court, let there remain of the knights and freeholders, who were present at the county court on that day, as many as may be required for the efficient making of judgments, according as the business be more or less.
As the ladies of the court, be they ever so beautiful, should be ashamed to be seen without their courtly habiliments of silks, and tissues, and costly embroideries, even so poetry cannot be seen if any limb be left naked and bare and not clad in gay clothes and colors, says Puttenham.
Paraphrasing Plutarch _On the Reading of Poets_, he says:    So young men do like best that Philosophy that is not Philosophie, or   that is not delivered as Philosophie, and such are the pleasant writings   of learned Poets, that are the popular Philosophers and the popular   divines.
In addition to its increasing commercial traffic, this road is patronized by many Shiah devotees from the north, among whom are what the natives term the “silent pilgrims. These are large stones, or boulders, rolled along a few feet at a time by the passers-by toward the Holy City.
The rather extensive library was originally collected for the chancellery of the governor-general, and contains the best collection of works on central Asia that is to be found in the world, including in its scope not only books and pamphlets, but even magazines and newspaper articles.
No, but they may do worse, they may look on ye, and Looking breeds Liking; and Liking, Love; and Love a damn’d thing, call’d Desire; and Desire begets the Devil and all of Mischief to young Wenches--Get ye gone in, I say--here’s a Lord coming--and Lords are plaguy things to Women.
Ay, that’s civil,--and if he do not desist, I’ll unpeople _Spain_ but I’ll kill him; for, Madam, I’ll tell you what happened to me in the Court of _France_--there was a Lady in the Court in love with me,--she took a liking to my Person which--I think,--you will confess--  _Isa_.
Through the portal there was a constant ingress and egress of men—a motley crowd—business men, politicians, professionals and men perhaps of shady character, for a great hotel cannot discriminate, and hundreds pass in and out who are not guests and have no connection with the house.
His face was distinctly oval, tapering from a very broad forehead to a sharp pointed chin, half-obscured by his thin, gray “goatee. The crown of his head was shaven in the usual Tsing fashion, leaving a tuft of hair for a queue, which in the viceroy’s case was short and very thin.
But why the Devil do I ask--Yes, you are still the same; one of those hoiting Ladies, that love nothing like Fool and Fiddle; Crouds of Fops; had rather be publickly, though dully, flatter’d, than privately ador’d: you love to pass for the Wit of the Company, by talking all and loud.
It is resolved that Alcippus, who is now torn with agony and remorse, must be fittingly punished, and accordingly as he lies sick at heart in his chamber Erminia enters as a spirit, and so looking over his shoulder into a mirror wherein he is gazing tells him plainly of Galatea’s love.
But the poor, secluded little woman, older than he, must have climbed up with a heavy heart, to lie and face the gloomy Bastille of mahogany, the great cupboard opposite, or to turn wearily sideways to the great cheval mirror, which performed a perpetual and hideous bow before her grace.
The women showed the whole paper of sausage slices, and nodded and beamed and said:  “Se vuole ancora—!  And Alvina bit her wide sandwich, and smiled, and said:  “Yes, awfully nice!  And the women looked at each other and said something, and Ciccio interposed, shaking his head.
When we had paid a final visit to the Persian minister in London, who had asked to see our bicycles and their baggage equipments, he signified his intention of writing in our behalf to friends in Teheran; and to that capital, after cycling through Europe, we were now actually _en route_.
Peace, thou wicked Limb of _Satan_--but for you, Gentlewoman, since you are so tarmagant, that your own natural Husband cannot please you, who, though I say it, am as quiet a Bed-fellow, and sleep as sweetly, for one of my years, as any in _Spain_--I’ll keep you to hard meat, i’faith.
This is the unfeign’d Prayer of,                                           My Lord,                                     Your Lordships most Humble                                           And most Obedient Servant                                                      A. Behn    PREFACE.
He had become meagre in figure, his skimpy but genteel coat would be buttoned over his breast, as he recounted his dream-adventures, adventures that were half Edgar Allan Poe, half Andersen, with touches of Vathek and Lord Byron and George Macdonald: perhaps more than a touch of the last.
She was ready with a laugh and a word, and though she was unable to venture on indecencies herself, yet she had an amazing faculty for _looking_ knowing and indecent beyond words, rolling her eyes and pitching her eyebrows in a certain way—oh, it was quite sufficient for her companions!
She taught them the crafte of endytynge   Whiche vyces ben that sholde avoyded be   Whiche ben the coulours gay of that connynge   Theyr dyfference and eke theyr properte   Eche thynge endyte how it sholde poynted be   Dystynctyon she gan clare and dyscusse   Whiche is Coma Colym perydus.
In Tullius also moost eloquent   The chosen spouse unto this lady free   His gylted craft and gloyre in content   Gay thynges I made eke, yf than lust to see   Go loke the Code also the dygestes thre   The bookes of lawe and of physyke good   Of ornate speche there spryngeth up the flood.
Through the morning fog which enveloped the shipping in the Golden Horn, the “stars and stripes at a single masthead were waving farewell to two American students fresh from college who had nerved themselves for nearly two years of separation from the comforts of western civilization.
I have the Honour To be the Confident of all her Thoughts: And to augment thy Hopes, ‘tis not long since She did with Sighs confess to me, she lov’d A Man, she said, scarce equal to her Fortune: But all my Interest could not learn the Object; But it must needs be you, by what she said.
Cardinal _Richelieu_, that great and wise Statesman, said, That there was no surer Testimony to be given of the flourishing Greatness of a State, than publick Pleasures and Divertisements--for they are, says he--the Schools of Vertue, where Vice is always either punish’t, or disdain’d.
The Displacement of Allegory by Example   Index of Names      Part One  The General Theory of Rhetoric and of Poetry     Chapter I  Introductory  skibiditoilet  By definition the renaissance was primarily a literary and scholarly movement derived from the literature of classical antiquity.
Throughout this period the English mediæval tradition of classical theory was highly important, losing ground but gradually as the influence first of the rhetoric newly recovered from the classics and then of Italian criticism produced an increasingly stronger effect on English criticism.
He then gives political allegorical interpretations of the myths of Briareus and of the Centaur and suddenly adds: Nevertheless in many the like incounters, I doe rather think that the fable was first and the exposition devised than that the Morall was first and thereupon the fable framed.
We remembered the pictures we had seen in our nursery-books, which represented this mountain-top covered with green grass, and Noah stepping out of the ark, in the bright, warm sunshine, before the receding waves; and now we looked around and saw this very spot covered with perpetual snow.
Had it been a clear day we could have seen not only the rival peaks of the Caucasus, which for so many years formed the northern wall of the civilized world, but, far to the south, we might have descried the mountains of Quardu land, where Chaldean legend has placed the landing of the ark.
No Swearing, dear _Ned_, for ‘tis not such a Secret, but I will trust my Intimates: these are my Friends, _Ned_; pray know them--This Mr. _Sham_, and this--by Fortune, a very honest Fellow [_Bows to ‘em_] Mr. _Sharp_, and may be trusted with a Bus’ness that concerns you as well as me.
why, look ye, your young Governor who now is, made most desperate love to her who is now my Wife, d’ye mind me?--but you, being a Man of an exact Judgment, to her great grief, gave her to me, who best deserv’d her, both for my civil Behaviour, and comely Personage, d’ye understand me?
Oh, I am lost, I’m lost--dear Wife,--most mighty Sir, I’ve brought her finely to’t--do not make me lose my credit with his _Mahometan_ Grace,--my Wife has a monstrous Affection for your Honour, but she’s something bashful; but when alone your Magnanimousness will find her a swinger.
How kindly do they entertain my Soul, And tell it pretty tales of Satisfaction in the other world, That I shall dwell for ever with _Erminia_?--but stay, That sacred Spirit yet is unreveng’d, --I’ll send that Traitor’s Soul to eternal Night, Then mine shall take its so desired Flight.
If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.
You can return it before Fairchild gets back.  “How am I to return it?  “You can win it back in one evening at the gaming table.  “Or lose more.  There was considerable further conversation, Dick Ralston urging, and Mullins feebly opposing something which the gambler proposed.
I say, Abner, I’m afraid I’ll get tripped up.  “You must stick to the old story.  “What was it?  “Don’t you remember you said that the kid hired a boat to row in the harbor along with two other boys, and the boat was upset and all three were drowned?  “Yes, I remember.
We ourselves, or in our absence abroad our chief justice, will send two justices to each county four times a year, and these justices, with four knights of the county elected by the county itself, shall hold the assizes in the county court, on the day and in the place where the court meets.
Let there be one measure of wine throughout our whole realm; and one measure of ale; and one measure of corn, to wit, “the London quarter; and one width of cloth (whether dyed, or russet, or “halberget), to wit, two ells within the selvages; of weights also let it be as of measures.
If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.
On reaching the zaptiehs, we sat down to hold a council on the situation; but the clouds, which, during the day, had occasionally obscured the top of the mountain, now began to thicken, and it was not long before a shower compelled us to beat a hasty retreat to a neighboring ledge of rocks.
VI                 AN INTERVIEW WITH THE PRIME MINISTER OF CHINA   Our departure from Lan-chou was not, we thought, regretted by the officials themselves, for we heard that apprehension was expressed lest the crowds continuing to collect around the telegraph-office should indulge in a riot.
The mountain ascents, especially those stair-like approaches to the “Heavenly Gates before reaching the Pe-chili plains, were steep, gradeless inclines, strewn with huge upturned blocks of stone, over which the heavy carts were fairly lifted by the sheer force of additional horse-flesh.
If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.
I hope you’ll find her, Sir, as willing to’t As I am to suppose it; nay, believe’t, She’ll look upon’t as want of Love and Courage Should you not now attempt it; You know, Sir, there’s no other remedy, Take no denial, but the Game pursue, For what she will refuse, she wishes you.
He soon, however, yields to the persuasions of the lovers and the common-sense of his physician, who has taken part in the masque, and, realizing the folly of the fables he has so long implicitly believed, condemns his books to the fire and joins in the nuptial rejoicings with a merry heart.
Most nobly, Sir, my Lord keeps his Coach, my Lady hers; my Lord his Bed, my Lady hers; and very rarely see one another, unless they chance to meet in a Visit, in the _Park_, the _Mall_, the _Tour_, or at the _Basset-Table_, where they civilly salute and part, he to his Mistress, she to play.
What says the Latin poet:      “_‘Dulce est desipere in loco.’_  “If you don’t understand it, probably Arthur can enlighten you.  “What does it mean, Arthur?  “It means, ‘When all your serious work is done, ’tis best to have a little fun,’ answered Arthur, promptly.
In the meanwhile she drilled Alvina thoroughly in theory and pianoforte practice, for Alvina was naturally musical, and besides this she imparted to the girl the elements of a young lady’s education, including the drawing of flowers in water-colour, and the translation of a Lamartine poem.
Forgive me and love me!  As Alvina was looking down dismayed on the great, red-faced, elderly man, who in his crying-out showed his white teeth like a child, and as she was gently trying to draw her skirt from his clutch, the door opened, and there stood the matron, in her big frilled cap.
Let there be one measure of wine throughout our whole realm; and one measure of ale; and one measure of corn, to wit, “the London quarter; and one width of cloth (whether dyed, or russet, or “halberget), to wit, two ells within the selvedges; of weights also let it be as of measures.
Myn ignoraunce whome clouded hath eclyppes   With thy pure bemes illumynyne all aboute   Thy blessyd brethe let refleyre in my lyppes   And with the dewe of heven thou them degoute   So that my mouth may blowe an encense oute   The redolent dulcour aromatyke   Of thy deputed lusty rhetoryke.
And many clerke had lust her for to here   Her speche to them was parfyte sustenance   Eche worde of her depured was so clere   And illumyned with so parfyte pleasaunce   That heven it was to here her beauperlaunce   Her termes gay as facunde soverayne   Catephaton in no poynt myght dystane.
There are three methods of sweetening tea: to put the sugar in the glass; to place a lump of sugar in the mouth, and suck the tea through it; to hang a lump in the midst of a tea-drinking circle, to be swung around for each in turn to touch with his tongue, and then to take a swallow of tea.
That’s all one, Madam, that tricking and dressing, and prinking and patching, is not your Devotion to Heaven, but to the young Knaves that are lick’d and comb’d and are minding you more than the Parson--ods bobs, there are more Cuckolds destin’d in the Church, than are made out of it.
For I have hitherto given no denials, Nor has he given me cause; I have seen him wildly gaze upon me often, And sometimes blush and smile, but seldom that; And now and then found fault with my replies, And wonder’d where the Devil lay that wit, Which he believ’d no Judge of it could find.
Ah, Madam, do not wrong me so; Till now I never knew the joys and sorrows That do attend a Soul in love like mine: My Passion only fits the Object now; I hate to tell you so, ‘tis a poor low means To gain a Mistress by, of so much wit: _Aminta_, you’re above that common rate Of being won.
His Charms too fierce for Flesh and Blood, She dy’d embracing of her God, We gentler marks of Passion give, The Maid we love, shall love and live; Whom visibly we thus will grace, Above the rest of human Race, Say, is’t your Will that we shou’d wed her, And nightly in Disguises bed her?
I know how I’ll get even with you.  “How?  “I will write a rival book, and get Chester to illustrate it better than yours.  “It would need better illustrations, since there would be nothing else in the work worthy of attention.  “Your uncle has got you there, said Chester.
He had _nearly_ fixed himself up with a music-hall in the Potteries—as manager: he had all-but got such another place at Ickley, in Derbyshire: he had forced his way through the industrial and mining townlets, prospecting for any sort of music-hall or show from which he could get a picking.
In that region of sharp hills with fine hill-brows, and shallow, rather dreary canal-valleys, it was the places on the hill-brows, like Woodhouse and Hathersedge and Rapton which flourished, while the dreary places down along the canals existed only for work-places, not for life and pleasure.
It is a peasant singing his mountain song, warbling like some creature that lifted up its voice on the edge of the eternal snows, before the human race began—  During this oration James Houghton sat with his chin in his hand, devoured with bitter jealousy, measuring Mr. May’s eloquence.
Max half started on to his guard, received the blow on his collar-bone, near the pommel of the shoulder, reeled round on top of Mr. May, whilst Ciccio sprang like a cat down from the stage and bounded across the theatre and out of the door, leaving the knife rattling on the boards behind him.
From his initial invocation to Clio, in which he prays that his style be illuminated with the aromatic sweetness of her rhetoric, to the passage in which he refers to his own writings for examples of ornate speech Lydgate never refers to the logic or the structure of persuasive public speech.
This unanimous judgment of the middle ages that the purpose of poetry is to teach spiritual truth and inculcate morality under the cloak of allegory was perpetuated far into the renaissance, especially in England, where, as has been shown, the recovery of classical culture made slow progress.
In the age of the Medicis, when refined courts of Italy were so greatly delighted at the recovery of the least edifying literary monuments of classical antiquity, allegorical interpretation had probably so often become but a cloak for licentiousness in poetry that it was becoming discredited.
In its sacred dust lie buried our old hero Haroun al Raschid, Firdousi, Persia’s greatest epic poet, and the holy Imaum Riza, within whose shrine every criminal may take refuge from even the Shah himself until the payment of a blood-tax, or a debtor until the giving of a guarantee for debt.
Handle-bars and seat-posts were shortened to save weight, and even the leather baggage-carriers, fitting in the frames of the machines, which we ourselves had patented before leaving England, were replaced by a couple of sleeping-bags made for us out of woolen shawls and Chinese oiled-canvas.
We had long since learned the force of the Chinese proverb that, “in order to avoid suspicion you must not live behind closed doors; and in consequence had always recognized the common prerogative to ransack our private quarters and our luggage, so long as nothing was seriously disturbed.
Not a word: Heaven be prais’d, she was a silent Devil--but she was laid in a Pavilion, all form’d of gilded Clouds, which hung by Geometry, whither I was conveyed, after much Ceremony, and laid in Bed with her; where with much ado, and trembling with my Fears--I forc’d my Arms about her.
It were not just to contradict my Prince, A Prince to whom I’ve been so late a Traitor; But, Sir, ‘tis I alone am criminal, And ‘twas I, Justly I thought provok’d him to this hazard: ’.is I was rude, impatient, insolent, Did like a Madman animate his Anger, Not like a generous Enemy.
If one who has borrowed from the Jews any sum, great or small, die before that loan be repaid, the debt shall not bear interest while the heir is under age, of whomsoever he may hold; and if the debt fall into our hands, we will not take anything except the principal sum contained in the bond.
Whose workes surely in respecte of his singuler eloquence and brave   composition of apt words and sentences, let the learned examine and make   tryall thereof through all the partes of Rethoricke, in fitte phrases,   in pithy sentences, in gallant tropes, in flowing speech, in plaine   sence.
A benevolent hedge-hog offered to remove the ticks, but the fox declined the kind offer on the ground that his ticks were already full of blood and had ceased to annoy him much, whereas if they were removed, a new colony of ticks would establish themselves and thus entirely drain him of blood.
Hang’t, why should we young Women pine and languish for what our own natural Invention may procure us; let us three lay our Heads together, and if _Machiavel_ with all his Politicks can out-wit us, ‘tis pity but we all lead Apes in Hell, and die without the _Jewish_ Blessing of Consolation.
The King of France to reward his favourite Alcippus, at the motion of prince Philander, gladly assents to his being created general in place of old Orgulius, who seeks to resign his office, and further on his royal word pledges the new-made commander, Erminia, Orgulius’ daughter, in marriage.
Well, Cousin, _Scaramouch_ tells me of a rare design’s a hatching, to relieve us from this Captivity; here are we mew’d up to be espous’d to two Moon-calfs for ought I know; for the Devil of any human thing is suffer’d to come near us without our Governante and Keeper, Mr. _Scaramouch_.
During the silent watches of last night, as you express it, Chester was at home and in bed to my certain knowledge.  “While his handkerchief walked over here and robbed the store, suggested Silas Tripp, with withering sarcasm, as he held up the telltale evidence of Chester’s dishonesty.
“Yes, sir, he said, “I am poor and in trouble, and my heart is sore.  “Is the man who has just left you related to you?  “He is my only son.  “He doesn’t seem kind to you.  “No; he cares nothing for his old father.  “How did you become so poor?  “He is the cause.
The winding up was the first instalment of “The Silent Grip.  When lights went up and Alvina solemnly struck “God Save Our Gracious King, the audience was on its feet and not very quiet, evidently hissing with excitement like doughnuts in the pan even when the pan is taken off the fire.
And then he started, as Max, tall and handsome now in Tyrolese costume, white shirt and green, square braces, short trousers of chamois leather stitched with green and red, firm-planted naked knees, naked ankles and heavy shoes, warbled his native Yodel strains, a piercing and disturbing sound.
Allegory and Example in Rhetoric   When Thomas Wilson published the first edition of his _Arte of Rhetorique_ in 1553, the corpus of Greek criticism in the Aldine _Rhetores Graeci_ had been in print forty-five years, and the commentaries of Dolce, Daniello, Robortelli, and Maggi were available.
We had already passed through Ismid, the ancient Nicomedia and capital of Diocletian; and had left behind us the heavily timbered valley of the Sakaria, upon whose banks the “Freebooter of the Bithynian hills settled with his four hundred tents and laid the foundation of the Ottoman empire.
Is’t not enough, that I am affronted, have my Mistress taken away before my Face, hear my self call’d, dull, common Man, dull Animal, and the rest?--But I must after all give him leave to kill me too, if he can--And this is your damn’d Honourable _English_ way of shewing a Man’s Courage.
Other Ladys who saw it more than once, whose Quality and Vertue can sufficiently justifie any thing they design to favour, were pleas’d to say, they found an Entertainment in it very far from scandalous; and for the Generality of the Town, I found by my Receipts it was not thought so Criminal.
I will be bound to be Hang’d if thou hast not a hankering after Some young Wench; thou couldst never loiter Thus else; but I’ll forgive thee now, and prithee go to My Lady _Aminta’s_ Lodgings; kiss her hand From me; and tell her, I am just returned from The Campain: mark that word, Sirrah.
“Well, said David Mullins, addressing his cousin Felix, “did you go to the Fifth Avenue Hotel last evening?  “Yes, Cousin David.  “Did you see that man from Minneapolis and Chester?  “Yes.  “Where did they go?  “I don’t know.  “You don’t know? frowned Mullins.
He expected to see a large man of impressive manners and imposing presence, and was rather disappointed when he found a small personage under the average height, exceedingly plain and unpretentious, who might easily have been taken for an humble clerk on a salary of ten or twelve dollars a week.
He sidled and bridled and ejaculated with raised hands, and in the dumb show the tall Frenchman made such a ludicrous caricature of Mr. Houghton’s manager that Madame wept again with laughter, whilst Max leaned back against the wall and giggled continuously like some pot involuntarily boiling.
In the republics of Greece and Rome a mastery of rhetoric gave its possessor political power; for by persuasive public speech a public man could gain a following by defending his clients in the law courts, and influence the destinies of the state by his deliberations in the legislative assembly.
In some lonely portion of the road, or in the suggestive stillness of an evening twilight, our Turkish Don Quixote would sometimes cast mysterious glances around him, take his Winchester from his shoulder, and throwing it across the pommel of his saddle, charge ahead to meet the imaginary enemy.
No, Heaven forbid, I am too good a Christian to part Man and Wife; but being naturally inclined to works of Charity, I will with one project I have in this noddle of mine,--make old _Francisco_ a Cuckold, accommodate my Lord and _Julia_, serve you, Sir,--and give our selves a good Scene of Mirth.
No Woman without Vizard in the Nation Can see it twice, and keep her reputation-- That’s certain, Forgetting-- That he himself, in every gross Lampoon, Her leuder Secrets spread about the Town; Whilst their feign’d Niceness is but cautious Fear, Their own Intrigues should be unravel’d here.
Then perhaps I can help you by a suggestion.  “I wish you would.  “You are left in charge here during Mr. Fairchild’s absence?  “Well, suppose I am.  “And you handle the funds?  “Yes.  “Then, and Dick Ralston bent over and whispered something in the bookkeeper’s ear.
And before ten he had already flitted to Lumley and back, he had already had a word with Mr. Bows, about that pitch, and, overcoming all his repugnance, a word with the quiet, frail, sad negro, about Alfreton fair, and the chance of buying some sort of collapsible building, for his cinematograph.
The lines were drawn so cleverly that the grimace of ferocity was fixed and horrible, so that even in the quiet work of scene-shifting Louis’ stiffish, female grace seemed full of latent cruelty, whilst Ciccio’s more muscular slouch made her feel she would not trust him for one single moment.
If one who has borrowed from the Jews any sum, great or small, die before that loan can be repaid, the debt shall not bear interest while the heir is under age, of whomsoever he may hold; and if the debt fall into our hands, we will not take anything except the principal sum contained in the bond.
(39) No free man shall be seized or imprisoned, or stripped of his rights or possessions, or outlawed or exiled, or deprived of his standing in any other way, nor will we proceed with force against him, or send others to do so, except by the lawful judgement of his equals or by the law of the land.
That these mediaeval traditions derived ultimately from post-classical rhetoric and that they were for the most part later discarded as less enlightened and less sound than the critical ideas of the Italian Aristotelians does not lessen their importance in the history of English literary criticism.
Although we could scarcely see far enough ahead to follow back on the track by which we had ascended, yet we were obliged to attempt it at once, for the storm around us was increasing every moment; we could even feel the charges of electricity whenever we touched the iron points of our alpenstocks.
The matter at length assumed such an importance as to give rise, in the House of Commons, to the question, “Who is Katty Greenfield? This, in time, was answered by that lady herself, who declared under oath that she had become a Mohammedan, and was in love with the man with whom she had eloped.
With the greatest difficulty could we preserve our equilibrium, and prevent the wheels from being crushed, as we surged along toward the palace gate; while all the time our Russian interpreter, Mafoo, on horseback in front, continued to shout and gesticulate in the wildest manner above their heads.
Oh, what bloody-minded Monsters these Lords are!--But, my Lord, I’ll ne’er give you the trouble of killing him, I’ll put him off with a handsom Compliment; as thus,--Why, look ye, Friend _Antonio_, the business is this, my Daughter _Isabella_ may marry a Lord, and you may go fiddle.--  _Guil_.
At Covent Garden, where it was billed ‘not acted 10 years’, and produced as a first piece at considerable expense with magnificent decorations, Cushing played Harlequin; Dunstall, Scaramouch; Sparks, Baliardo; Ryan, Charmante; Delane, Cinthio; Peg Woffington, Bellemante; and the Bellamy, Elaria.
He has made money his god, and serves his chosen deity faithfully.  “I wouldn’t change places with him for all his wealth.  “Some day you may be as rich as he, but I hope, if you are, you will use your wealth better.  At the beginning of the third week Walter Bruce became suddenly worse.
What did he do?  “Well, as to that, he did nothing very serious, but he wasted time when he was sent out on an errand, and I felt that it was injurious to the interests of Mr. Fairchild to retain him.  “He used to be spry enough when he worked for me.  “When he worked for you?  “Yes.
What is his name?  “Trimble—Abner Trimble.  “Was he in any business?  “Yes; he kept a liquor saloon, and patronized his own bar too much for his own good.  “I shouldn’t think your mother would like to have him in that business.  “She asked him to change it, but he wouldn’t.
If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.
When he saw his delicate originalities, as well as his faint flourishes of draper’s fantasy, squashed flat under the calm and solid foot of vulgar Dame Fortune, he fell into fits of depression bordering on mysticism, and talked to his wife in a vague way of higher influences and the angel Israfel.
I give you a shilling—’ It was three o’clock, as I said, so he gave me a shilling instead of sixpence as he had said—  It was strange, in the silent winter afternoon, downstairs in the black kitchen, to sit drinking a cup of tea with Pancrazio and hearing these stories of English painters.
If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.
If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.
At ten minutes of eleven, on the morning of the second of July, our small cavalcade, with the two exasperating donkeys at the head laden with mats, bags of provisions, extra clothing, alpenstocks, spiked shoes, and coils of stout rope, filed down the streets of Bayazid, followed by a curious rabble.
The foreign reception-room in which we were now sitting was the only one in any official residence in the empire, and this single instance of compliance with foreign customs was significant as bearing upon the attitude toward Western ideas of the man who stands at the head of the Chinese government.
Had Heaven preserv’d my Innocence intire, That I with confidence might have ador’d you, Though I had been successless; Yet I had liv’d and hop’d, and aim’d to merit you: But since all hopes of that are taken from me, My Life is but too poor a Sacrifice, To make atonement for my Sins to you.
Her statement that she only took ‘a very barren and thin hint of the Plot’ from the Italian, and again that ‘all the Words are wholly new, without one from the Original’ must not be pressed too strictly, although she has undeniably infused a new life, new wit and humour into the alien scenes.
Considering that many times it is seene a fained matter or altogether   fabulous, besides that it maketh more mirth than any other, works no   less good conclusions for example then the most true and veritable, but   often more, because the Poet hath the handling of them to fashion at his   pleasure.
--What we present to Day is none of these, But we cou’d wish it were, for we wou’d please, And that you’ll swear we hardly meant to do: Yet here’s no Sense; Pox on’t, but here’s no Show; But a plain Story, that will give a Taste Of what your Grandsires lov’d i’th’ Age that’s past_.
“It is rather unusual, continued Mr. Fairchild, “for a man in my position to make a confidant of his office boy, but I have observed you carefully, and I believe that you are not only intelligent, but are faithful to my interests.  “Thank you, sir, said Chester, with genuine gratification.
“I was asked to come to the hotel and ask if you had arrived.  “Where is Mr. Fairchild’s office?  “On West Fourteenth Street.  “And he is a real estate broker?  “Yes, sir.  “I don’t understand what he wants of me, or how in the name of all that is curious he ever heard of me.
The odd look of a smile which wasn’t a smile, at the corners of the mouth, the arched nose, and the slowness of the big, full, classic eyes gave her the dangerous Greek look of the Syracusan women of the past: the dangerous, heavily-civilized women of old Sicily: those who laughed about the latomia.
As has been shown in the preceding section of this study, the renaissance theory of poetry was rhetorical in its obsession with style, especially the figures of speech, in its abiding faith in the efficacy of rules; and in its belief that the poet, no less than the orator, is occupied with persuasion.
Though this one Text were able to convert ye, Ye needy Tribe of Scriblers to the Party; Yet there are more advantages than these, For write, invent, and make what Plots you please, The wicked Party keep your Witnesses; Like frugal Cuckold-makers you beget Brats that secur’d by others fires shall sit.
as the _City Politicks_, the _Lady Mayoress_, and the _Old Lawyers Wife_, who goes with a Man she never saw before, and comes out again the joyfull’st Woman alive, for having made her Husband a Cuckold with such Dexterity, and yet I see nothing unnatural nor obscene: ‘tis proper for the Characters.
Dryden’s _Epilogue on the Union_ (1682):--      But stay; me thinks some Vizard-Mask I see     Cast out her Lure from the mid Gallery:     About her all the fluttering Sparks are rang’d;     The Noise continues, though the Scene is chang’d:     Now growling, sputt’ring, wauling, such a clutter!
Although the present study does not hope to add to what is known of the influence exerted on the literary criticism of the English renaissance by the Italians, it does propose to show the English critics to have been more indebted than has been supposed to the mediaeval development of classical theory.
Lord Plotwell eventually promises to provide for her, and at Diana’s request, now she recognizes her mistake in trying to hold a man who does not love her, Bellmour is forgiven and allowed to wed Celinda as soon as the divorce has been pronounced, whilst Diana herself rewards Friendlove with her hand.
By all that Love you ever had for me, By all those Infant Charms which us’d to please you, When on your Lap you taught my Tongue that Art Which made those dear Impressions on your Heart, Which ever since to my Advantage grew, I do conjure you hear me now I sue, And grant the mighty Grace I beg of you.
A Pox upon’t, I went the wrong way to work, and courted the Daughter; but indeed my Father, the late Governour of _Cadiz_, whose Estate and Honour I now enjoy, was then living; and, fearing he would not consent to my Passion, I endeavoured to keep it secret, though sacred Vows had past between us two.
Dress all your Looks, and be as gay    As Virgins in the Month of_ May;    _Deck up that Face where Sorrow grows,    And let your Smiles adorn your brows;    Recal your wonted Sweetness home,    And let your Eyes all Love become:    For what the Gods have willed and said,    Thou hast no power to evade.
She even taught heavy-handed but dauntless colliers, who were seized with a passion to “play. Miles she trudged, on her round from village to village: a white-haired woman with a long, quick stride, a strong figure, and a quick, handsome smile when once her face awoke behind her gold-rimmed glasses.
Email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s web site and official page at http://www.pglaf.org  For additional contact information:       Dr. Gregory B. Newby     Chief Executive and Director     gbnewby@pglaf.org                                   Section 4.
Not at all, Father mine, she’s my Wife, my Lumber now, and, I hope, I may dispose of my Goods and Chattels--if he takes her we are upon equal terms, for he makes himself my Cuckold, as he has already made me his;--for, if my memory fail me not, we did once upon a time consummate, as my Daughter has it.
For the farther Justification of this Play; it being a Comedy of Intrigue Dr. _Davenant_ out of Respect to the Commands he had from Court, to take great Care that no Indecency should be in Plays, sent for it and nicely look’t it over, putting out anything he but imagin’d the Criticks would play with.
Ladies, for its further Justification to you, be pleas’d to know, that the first Copy of this Play was read by several Ladys of very great Quality, and unquestioned Fame, and received their most favourable Opinion, not one charging it with the Crime, that some have been pleas’d to find in the Acting.
Thou’st entertain’d me with a pretty Story, And call’d up so much Nature to thy Cause, That I am half subjected to its Laws; I find thy lovely Mother plead within too, And bids me put no force upon thy Will; Tells me thy Flame should be as unconfin’d As that we felt when our two Souls combin’d.
If I can now but get admittance, I shall not only deliver the young Ladies their Letters from their Lovers, but get some opportunity, in this Disguise, to slip this _Billet-Doux_ into _Mopsophil’s_ Hand, and bob my Comrade _Scaramouch_.--Ha, What do I see?--My Mistress at the Window, courting my Rival!
Lady Fulbank supplying Gayman with money through the medium of Bredwel ‘drest like a Devil’ is reminiscent of incidents in Dryden’s first comedy, _The Wild Gallant_ (1663, and revised version, 1667; 4to, 1667), where Lady Constance employs Setstone, a jeweller, to accomodate Loveby with ready cash.
If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.
And still the train climbed up and up, in the hot morning sunshine, creeping slowly round the mountain loops, so that a little brown dog from one of the cottages ran alongside the train for a long way, barking at Alvina, even running ahead of the creeping, snorting train, and barking at the people ahead.
If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.
Although we were extremely anxious to set off on the expedition before bad weather set in, we must not be in a hurry, for the military governor of Karakillissa was now the guest of the mutessarif, and it would be an interference with his social duties to try to see him until after his guest had departed.
If an individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.
‘Tis true, I am not ignorant of this, That he despises other Recompence For all his Services, but fair _Erminia_, I know ‘tis long since he resign’d his Heart, Without so much as telling her she conquer’d; And yet she knew he lov’d; whilst she, ingrate, Repay’d his Passion only with her Scorn.
’.was that which first thy Beauty did disclose, Which else had wither’d like an unseen Rose; ’.was that which brought thee to the Court, and there Dispos’d thee next my self, i’th’ highest Sphere: Alas, obscurely else thou’dst liv’d and died, Not knowing thy own Charms, nor yet this Pride.
FAIRCHILD.  Two days later Chester received a letter requesting him to call at once on a well-known detective, give him all the available information and request him to keep careful watch of Mr. Mullins and his operations, and interfere if any steps were taken prejudicial to Mr. Fairchild’s interests.
These you can send to us by mail.  “But I can’t do enough to earn the salary you pay me.  “Then we will pay according to the amount you do.  “That will be satisfactory.  “Do you need an advance for the expenses of your journey?  “No; I have some money laid by.  “Another surprise!
“My word, you have to have your wits about you with them! Imagine such a speech from a girl tenderly nurtured: a speech uttered in her own home, and accompanied by a florid laugh, which would lead a chaste, generous woman like Miss Frost to imagine—well, she merely abstained from imagining anything.
One, the elder, had a bagpipe whose bag was patched with shirting: the younger was dressed in greenish clothes, he had his face lifted, and was yelling the verses of the unintelligible Christmas ballad: short, rapid verses, followed by a brilliant flourish on a short wooden pipe he held ready in his hand.
IT IS ACCORDINGLY OUR WISH AND COMMAND that the English Church shall be free, and that men in our kingdom shall have and keep all these liberties, rights, and concessions, well and peaceably in their fulness and entirety for them and their heirs, of us and our heirs, in all things and all places for ever.
His ascent, however, was doubted, not only by the people in the neighborhood, but by many men of science and position in the Russian empire, notwithstanding his clear account, which has been confirmed by subsequent observers, and in spite of the testimony of the two Russian soldiers who had gone with him.
Thus, from first to last, every judgment was against us, and every prediction was of failure, if not of something worse; and now, as we stole out from the tent by the light of the rising moon, even the specter-like mountain-peaks around us, like symbols of coming events, were casting their shadows before.
Ay, so methinks; if I had the hopes of enjoying so sweet a Gentleman as Mr. _Bellmour_, I shou’d be so too--But I am past it--Well, I have had my Pantings, and Heavings, my Impatience, and Qualms, my Heats, and my Colds, and my I know not whats--But I thank my Stars, I have done with all those Fooleries.
*       *       *       *       *  Thus a study of rhetorical terminology in English renaissance theories of poetry throws into sharp relief the fact that all criticism of the fine art of literature in England in the 16th century and the first half of the 17th century was profoundly influenced by rhetoric.
In the streets we frequently encountered boys and old men gathering manure for their winter fuel; and now and then a cripple or invalid would accost us as “Hakim (“Doctor), for the medical work of the missionaries has given these simple-minded folk the impression that all foreigners are physicians.
Upon this assurance of at least official consent to hazard the journey to Peking, a telegram was sent to the chief of police at Tomsk, to whose care we had directed our letters, photographic material, and bicycle supplies to be sent from London in the expectation of being forced to take the Siberian route.
He had now been sent out by the government to engineer the extension of the telegraph-line from Su-chou to Urumtsi, for it was feared by the government that the employment of a foreigner in this capacity would only increase the power for evil which the natives already attributed to this foreign innovation.
Ay, but I will have none of her--For, look you, _Sham_, there is but two sorts of Love in this World--Now I am sure the Rogue did love her; and since it was not to marry her, it was for the thing you wot on, as appears by his writing to her now--But yet, I will not believe what this Boy said, till I see it.
I have, and am a little surpriz’d at the suddenness of it; and I my self am the unlucky occasion of it,--to break it off, I told my Father how scurvily _Isabella_ treated me,--he thereupon sends for old _Francisco_, tells him of my complaint, and instead of disengaging my self, I find my self more undone.
with all my soul, Sir; alas, you mistake my honest meaning, I scorn to be so unjust as not to see you a-bed together; and then agree as well as you can, I have done my part--In order to this, Sir--get but your self conveyed in a Chest to my house, with a Direction upon’t for me; and for the rest--  _Gay_.
“Chester, said the bookkeeper, “you may go up to the Fifth Avenue Hotel and ask at the office if Mr. Paul Perkins, of Minneapolis, has arrived?  “Yes, sir.  After Chester went out, Ralston inquired, “Is there a man named Paul Perkins?  “Not that I know of, answered Mullins, with a laugh.
It brought me to New York, and kept me here till I got a place in an insurance office.  “And you managed to live on five dollars a week?  “Yes; it was hard, but I went to the cheapest eating houses, and I—got along.  “But you had no money to buy clothing.  “I brought a fair supply with me.
But he needn’t have gone out West; I’m ready to take him back into my store.  “That’s very kind of you, Mr. Tripp.  “I want to help along his mother, seein’ she’s a widder and in hard luck.  “Shall I tell her you will take Chester back?  “No; I’ll call round and see her about it.
Lovely, in the lost hollows beyond a marsh, to see Ciccio slowly ploughing with two great white oxen: lovely to go with Pancrazio down to the wild scrub that bordered the river-bed, then over the white-bouldered, massive desert and across stream to the other scrubby savage shore, and so up to the high-road.
But this was too philosophical for his contemporaries and successors, who saw in their own environment that in practice rhetoric was almost entirely concerned with persuading a jury that certain things were or were not so, or persuading a deliberative assembly that this or that should or should not be done.
Apart from the “Yellow Lands of the Hoang-ho, which need no manure, the arable regions of China seem to have maintained their fecundity for over four thousand years, entirely through the thoughtful care of the peasantry in restoring to the soil, under another form, all that the crops have taken from it.
Lord, Mrs. _Driver_, I wonder you shou’d send for me, when other Women are in Company; you know of all things in the World, I hate Whores, they are the pratingst leudest poor Creatures in Nature; and I wou’d not, for any thing, Sir _Timothy_ shou’d know that I keep Company, ‘twere enough to lose him.
By Instinct; such as you ought to know a Person of Quality, and pay your Civilities naturally; in _France_, where I have travel’d, so much good manners is used, your Citizen pulls off his hat, thus--to every Horse of Quality, and every Coach of Quality; and do you pay my proper Person no more respect, hah!
I never knew but one way to a Woman’s Heart, and that road I have not yet travelled; for my Uncle, who is a wise Man, says Matrimony is a sort of a--kind of a--as it were, d’ye see, of a Voyage, which every Man of Fortune is bound to make one time or other: and Madam--I am, as it were--a bold Adventurer.
Accordingly he commences his first volume by giving the ‘Scène de la Fille de Chambre’, where Harlequin, disguised as a woman, pretends to be seeking a place as waiting-maid to the Doctor--_Emperor of the Moon_, Act ii, v. In the French, Pierrot, dressed as the Doctor’s wife, interviews the applicant.
_Enter_ Scaramouch _in a Chair, which is set down and open’d     on all sides, and on the top represents an Apothecary’s Shop,     the Inside being painted with Shelves, and rows of Pots and     Bottles_; Scaramouch _sitting in it dress’d in Black, with a     short black Cloke, a Ruff, and little Hat_.
This name is from Gonsales’ (Bishop Godwin) _The Man in the Moone_: ‘The first ancestor of this great monarch [the Emperor of the Moon] came out of the earth ... and his name being Irdonozur, his heirs, unto this day, do all assume unto themselves that name.’  p. 407 _Harlequin comes out on the Stage_.
Under ordinary circumstances, Chester would have handed the receipt to the bookkeeper, but he was convinced that it was the purpose of Mr. Mullins to defraud the tenant out of a month’s rent, and he felt that it would not be in the interest of the latter for him to put this power in the hands of the enemy.
not half!—or else “Eh, now, if you’d seen me in _that_ you’d have fallen in love with me at first sight, shouldn’t you?—with a probable answer “I should have fallen over myself making haste to get away—loud guffaws:—all this was the regular Friday night’s entertainment in Woodhouse.
The Text of Magna Carta  skibiditoilet  JOHN, by the grace of God King of England, Lord of Ireland, Duke of Normandy and Aquitaine, and Count of Anjou, to his archbishops, bishops, abbots, earls, barons, justices, foresters, sheriffs, stewards, servants, and to all his officials and loyal subjects, Greeting.
Now for Homer:    As when a wave by the wild wind's blore   Down from the clouds upon a ship doth light,   And the whole hulk with scattering foam is white,   And through the sails all tattered and forlorn   Roars the fell blast: the seamen with affright   Shake, and from death a hand-breadth they are borne.
On the passports given us by the Chinese minister in London the bicycle was called “a seat-sitting, foot-moving machine. The natives in the interior had applied to it various epithets, among which were _yang ma_ (foreign horse), _fei-chay_ (flying-machine), _szüdzun chay_ (self-moving cart), and others.
Alcander_ is a worthy Youth and brave, I wish you would esteem him so; ’.is true, there’s now some difference between us, Our Interests are dispos’d to several ways, But Time and Management will join us all: I’ll leave you; but prithee make it thy business To get my Pardon for last night’s rudeness.
When Biancolelli died on 2 August, 1688, of pneumonia, contracted through neglecting to change damp clothes, the loss to the Italian theatre seemed irreparable, but in the following year an equally celebrated Harlequin, finer and wittier if not more popular than he, appeared in the person of Evariste Gherardi.
* In the event of disagreement among the twenty-five barons on any matter referred to them for decision, the verdict of the majority present shall have the same validity as a unanimous verdict of the whole twenty-five, whether these were all present or some of those summoned were unwilling or unable to appear.
This comparatively fertile tract, cutting the Gobi into two great sections, has been, ever since its conquest two thousand years ago, of vast importance to China, being the only feasible avenue of communication with the western provinces, and the more important link in the only great highway across the empire.
A blush overspread his cheeks as he said: “I must apologize for my countrymen; I hope you will excuse them, for they know no better. The young man expressed deep interest in America and American institutions, and said if he could obtain his father’s consent he would certainly make a visit to our country.
“Do you think, again interrupted the viceroy, whose interest in the Russians now began to take a more domestic turn, “that the Russians would like to have the Chinese province of Ili?  To this question we might very appropriately have said, “No; for the reason that we thought Russia had it already.
Had I a Day or two’s time, as I have scarce so many Hours to write this in (the Play, being all printed off and the Press waiting,) I would sum up all your Beloved Plays, and all the Things in them that are past with such Silence by; because written by Men: such Masculine Strokes in me, must not be allow’d.
I see you’re peevish, and you shall be humour’d.--You know my _Julia_ play’d me e’en such another Prank as your false one is going to play you, and married old Sir _Cautious Fulbank_ here i’th’ City; at which you know I storm’d, and rav’d, and swore, as thou wo’t now, and to as little purpose.
Look here, my little Puskin, here’s fine Playthings for its nown little Coxcomb--go--get you gone--get you gone, and off with this St. _Martin’s_ Trumpery, these Play-house Glass Baubles, this Necklace, and these Pendants, and all this false Ware; ods bobs, I’ll have no Counterfeit Geer about thee, not I.
By all means--for if the Searchers come, they’ll never be so uncivil to ransack thy Lodgings; and we are bound in Christian Charity to do for one another--Some rich Commodities, I am sure--and some fine Knick-knack will fall to thy share, I’ll warrant thee --Pox on him for a young Rogue, how punctual he is!
She is Scotch, isn’t she?  “Yes; her name was Downie, and she was born in Glasgow, but came to this country at an early age.  “The Scotch are careful and conservative.  “She probably gives most of her income to Trimble—indeed, he collects her rents—but the principal she keeps in her own hands.
But then one of the boys, a protegé of Miss Frost, having been left for half an hour in the obscure room with Mrs. Houghton, gave away the secret of the blacksmith’s grip, which secret so haunted the poor lady that it marked a stage in the increase of her malady, and made Sunday afternoon a nightmare to her.
Just a rush to get her out there, winding up with “And now, dear, I shall not be myself till I see you here in Sydney—Your ever-loving Alexander. A selfish, sensual creature, who would forget the dear little Vina in three months, if she did not turn up, and who would neglect her in six months, if she did.
The main advantage which poetry possesses over history, Sidney goes on, is that while the historian must stick to his facts, which too frequently are unedifying, the poet can and does create a world better than nature, and presents to his reader ideal figures of human conduct such as Pylades, Cyrus, and Æneas.
To this influence is largely due the present growing prosperity of Tashkend, which, in military importance, is rapidly giving way to Askabad, “the key to Herat.  That spirit of equality and fraternity which characterizes the government of a Russian _mir_, or village, has been carried even into central Asia.
The difficulty, as well as necessity, of obtaining the proper credentials for traveling in China was impressed upon us by the arrest the previous day of three Afghan visitors, and by the fact that a German traveler had been refused, just a few weeks before, permission even to cross the Mozart pass into Kashgar.
Look ye, Mrs. _Jenny_, I know you, and I know Mrs. _Flauntit_; but ‘tis not Beauty or Wit that takes now-a-days; the Age is altered since I took upon me this genteel Occupation: but ‘tis a fine Petticoat, right Points, and clean Garnitures, that does me Credit, and takes the Gallant, though on a stale Woman.
In 1695 three volumes of these scenes were published at Amsterdam, ‘chez Adrian Braakman,’ under the title _Le Théâtre Italien, ou le Recueil de toutes les Comédies et Scènes Françoises qui ont été jouées sur le Théâtre Italien par la Troupe des Comediens du Roy de l’.ôtel de Bourgogne à Paris.
If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.
If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.
If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed.
The school-master endeavored to mould the characters of his students by examples from heroic poetry; the teacher of rhetoric, in turn, taught them that to persuade an audience they must prove, please, and move, and that ficticious examples were about as persuasive as historical parallels and much easier to find.
Only our good-hearted Russian host was up to put an extra morsel in our provision-bag, for, as he said, we could get no food until we reached the Kirghiz aouls on the high plateau of the Talki pass, by which we were to cut across over unbeaten paths to the regular so-called imperial highway, running from Suidun.
There’s not above a Dozen, besides the Slaves that are chain’d to the Oar, and those Dozen, a Pistole apiece wou’d not only make ‘em assist in the design, but betray it in earnest to the _Grand Seignior_; --for them I’ll undertake, the Master of it being _Pier de Sala_, your Father’s old Servant, Sir.
Have you do;--why, I wou’d have ye--d’ye see--’twill not out; why, I wou’d have ye lie with the _Sultan_, Huswife; I wonder how the Devil you have the face to refuse him, so handsom, so young a Lover; come, come, let me hear no more of your Coyness, Mistress, for if I do, I shall be hang’d;    [_Aside_.
What, was it asham’d to shew its little white Foots, and its little round Bubbies--well, I’ll go, I’ll go--I cannot think on’t, no I cannot--      [_Going towards the Bed_, Bellmour _comes forth from between     the Curtains, his Coat off, his Shirt bloody, a Dagger in his     hand, and his Disguise off_.
I was to receive twenty-five dollars for my share.  “I believe you know Chester Rand?  “Yes, sir.  “Do you know where he lives?  “Yes, sir.  “Will you ask him to call here to-morrow?  “I will, sir; but he tells me he has a good place, and would not care to return.  “I am aware of that.
Castiglione's indebtedness to the _De oratore_ is well known, but few notice that his first paragraphs are a close paraphrase of Cicero's dedicatory paragraphs of the _Orator._  But in England the first reference to the _Orator_ appears in Ascham's _Scholemaster_ (1570) one hundred years after its first printing.
To enter the Transcaspian territory, the border-province of the Russian possessions, the sanction of its governor, General Kuropatkine, would be quite sufficient; but for the rest of the journey through Turkestan the Russian minister in Teheran said we would have to await a general permission from St. Petersburg.
What Eyes you have like Heaven blue and charming, a pretty Mouth, Neck round and white as polisht Alabaster, and a Complexion beauteous as an Angel, a Hair fit to make Bonds to insnare the God of Love,--a sprightly Air,--a Hand like Lillies white, and Lips, no Roses opening in a Morning are half so sweet and soft.
I thought my time had come, and I must again move on.  “So far from wishing to harm you, Mr. Mullins, said Chester, “if, through the meanness of others you get into trouble you can any time send to me for a loan of fifty dollars.  “Thank you, ejaculated Mullins, gratefully, wringing Chester’s hand.
If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.
For day followed day, month followed month, season after season went by, and she grubbed away like a housemaid in Manchester House, she hurried round doing the shopping, she sang in the choir on Sundays, she attended the various chapel events, she went out to visit friends, and laughed and talked and played games.
Wonderful little towns perched fortified on rocks and peaks, mountains rose straight up off the level plain, like old topographical prints, rivers wandered in the wild, rocky places, it all seemed ancient and shaggy, savage still, under all its remote civilization, this region of the Alban Mountains south of Rome.
If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.
All merchants shall have safe and secure exit from England, and entry to England, with the right to tarry there and to move about as well by land as by water, for buying and selling by the ancient and right customs, quit from all evil tolls, except (in time of war) such merchants as are of the land at war with us.
All merchants shall have safe and secure exit from England, and entry to England, with the right to tarry there and to move about as well by land as by water, for buying and selling by the ancient and right customs, quit from all evil tolls, except (in time of war) such merchants as are of the land at war with us.
If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.
Gherardi also gives a scene between Isabella (Elaria) and Colombine (Mopsophil); a scene where Harlequin arrives tricked out as an Apothecary to win Colombine (in Mrs. Behn it is Scaramouch who thus attempts to gain Mopsophil); and the final scene which differs considerably from the conclusion of the English farce.
Cinthio_ came with Musick last Night under my Window, which my Father hearing, sallied out with his _Mirmidons_ upon him; and clashing of Swords I heard, but what hurt was done, or whether _Cinthio_ were discovered to him, I know not; but the Billet I sent him now by _Scaramouch_ will occasion me soon Intelligence.
Next day, by eleven, he had removed all his belongings, the door that connected the house with the shop was screwed up fast, the grocer strolled in and looked round his bare extension, took the key from James, and immediately set his boy to paste a new notice in the window, tearing down all James’s announcements.
_The Curtain must be let down, and soft Musick must play: The Curtain being drawn up, discovers a scene of a Temple: The_ King _sitting on a Throne, bowing down to join the hands_ Alcippus _and_ Erminia, _who kneel on the steps of the Throne; the Officers of the Court and Clergy standing in order by, with_ Orgulius.
What did me I, Sir (Life being sweet) but fall on my Knees, and besought his Gloriousness not to eat me, for I was no Fish, but a Man; he ask’d me of what Country, I told him of _Naples_; whereupon the Emperor overjoy’d ask’d me if I knew that most reverend and learned Doctor _Baliardo_, and his fair Daughter.
But I must be gettin’ along, or old Tripp will give me hail Columbia when I get back.  About nine o’clock that evening, as Chester was returning from a lecture in the church, he was accosted by a rough-looking fellow having very much the appearance of a tramp, who seemed somewhat under the influence of liquor.
When you hired your rooms, you agreed to pay the rent, didn’t you?  “Yes, sir; but——  “And you didn’t say anything about Jimmy being sick or well.  “True for you, sir; but——  “I think, Mrs. Carlin, you’ll have to get hold of the other two dollars and a half some how, or out you’ll go.
Downstairs, on the left of the wide passage where the ass occasionally stood out of the weather, and where the chickens wandered in search of treasure, was a big, long apartment where Pancrazio kept implements and tools and potatoes and pumpkins, and where four or five rabbits hopped unexpectedly out of the shadows.
The fathers of the Christian church, Tatian, Hermas, Theophilus, and Tertullian, believing that all the truth was contained in Christianity, utterly condemned the philosophy and religion of the Greeks and consequently the poetry which, according to Greek popular belief, was the inspired vehicle for its presentation.
--This some would call an excellent Quality in her Sex--But a pox on’t, I do not like it--Well, I see I must break Silence at last--Madam--not answer me--’shaw, this is mere ill breeding--by Fortune--it can be nothing else--O’ my Conscience, if I should kiss her, she would bid me stand off--I’ll try--  _Nur_.
But ‘tis in vain by dint of Reason or Comparison to convince the obstinate Criticks, whose Business is to find Fault, if not by a loose and gross Imagination to create them, for they must either find the Jest, or make it; and those of this sort fall to my share, they find Faults of another kind for the Men Writers.
“I’m afraid you can’t afford it.  “Do just as you like, said Silas, putting back the money with a sigh of relief, “but don’t say I didn’t offer to do something for Walter.  “No; I will tell him how much you offered to give.  “That’s a queer boy, said Mr. Tripp, as Chester left the store.
You don’t seem to have much stock here.  “My dear sir, we can’t get brownstone houses and country villas into an office like this.  “Is that what you sell?  “Yes; I sold a fifty-thousand-dollar house this morning up on Forty-fifth Street, and yesterday I sold a summer hotel for forty thousand dollars.
For once you shall prevail; and this damn’d Jant has pretty well mortified me:--a Pox of your Mutiny, _Francis_.--Come, I’ll conduct thee to _Diana_, and lock thee in, that I may have thee safe, Rogue.--    _We’ll give young Wenches leave to whine and blush,   And fly those Blessings which--ads bobs, they wish_.
Amongst his best known works are: _Térence justifié_ (4to, 1646, Paris), an attack on Ménage; _La Practique du théâtre_ (4to, 1669, Paris); and _Dissertations concernant le poëme dramatique en forme de remarques sur les deux tragédies de M. Corneille, intitulées_ Sophonisbe _et_ Sertorious (12mo, 1663, Paris).
The Persistence of the Mediaeval Tradition of Rhetoric   But while the survival of the mediaeval notion that rhetoric was concerned mainly with style thus gave over in the English Renaissance _inventio_ and _dispositio_ to logic, there naturally remained nothing of classical rhetoric but _elocutio_ and _pronuntiatio_.
At Chimkend our course turned abruptly from what was once the main route between Russia’s European and Asiatic capitals, and along which De Lesseps, in his letter to the Czar, proposed a line of railroad to connect Orenburg with Samarkand, a distance about equal to that between St. Petersburg and Odessa, 1483 miles.
For six hundred miles over the border, however, we found both the Russian money and language serviceable among the Tatar merchants, while the _tenga_, or Kashgar silver-piece, was preferred by the natives even beyond the Gobi, being much handier than the larger or smaller bits of silver broken from the _yamba_ bricks.
Since all believe her dead, but who are present, And that they may remain in that blest error, I will consult with you; but you, my dearest, Shall as the Spirit of _Erminia_ act, And reap the glory of so good a part: It will advance the new design I have; And, Sister, to your care I must commit the Treasure of my Life.
De Grammont tells in his _Memoirs_ how he presented a French calash with glasses to the King, and how, after the Queen and the Duchess of York, had publicly appeared in it, a battle royal took place between Lady Castlemaine and Miss Stewart as to which of the two should first be seen therein on a fine day in Hyde Park.
If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.
“Here are a hundred dollars in good bills.  “Have you opened any of the other packages?  “No, but I will.  The gambler tore off a little of the outer paper from the five-hundred-dollar and two-hundred-dollar packages, only to discover that their contents were no more valuable than those of the first bundle.
The results which bear upon the present inquiry may be summarized as follows:  The recovery of Aristotle's _Poetics_ brought about a complete change in poetical theory, and stimulated in Italy a great body of critical writing and discussion, the results of which did not reach England until almost a hundred years later.
If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.
If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark.
And I must want common Sense, and all the Degrees of good Manners, renouncing my Fame, all Modesty and Interest for a silly Sawcy fruitless Jest, to make Fools laugh, and Women blush, and wise Men asham’d; My self all the while, if I had been guilty of this Crime charg’d to me, remaining the only stupid, insensible.
Omer’s_, whom I have sent to wait on you in_ England;   _he is a very good Accountant, and fit for Business, and much   pleased he shall see that Uncle to whom he’s so obliged, and   which is so gratefully acknowledged by--Dear Brother, your   affectionate Brother_,                               Francis Fainwou’d.
*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CHESTER RAND ***  ***** This file should be named 23108–0.txt or 23108–0.zip ***** This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:     https://www.gutenberg.org/2/3/1/0/23108/  Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will be renamed.
* With regard to the return of the sisters and hostages of Alexander, king of Scotland, his liberties and his rights, we will treat him in the same way as our other barons of England, unless it appears from the charters that we hold from his father William, formerly king of Scotland, that he should be treated otherwise.
His lessons form the child's young lips, and wean   The boyish ear from words and tales unclean;   As years roll on, he moulds the ripening mind,   And makes it just and generous, sweet and kind;   He tells of worthy precedents, displays   The example of the past to after days,   Consoles affliction, and disease allays.
On the Sardarbulakh pass, between Great and Little Ararat, is stationed a handful of Russian Cossacks to remind lawless tribes of the guardianship of the “White Sultan.  The two Ararats together form an elliptical mass, about twenty-five miles in length, running northwest and southeast, and about half that in width.
At an altitude of only six hundred feet above the sea, according to our aneroid barometer, and beneath the rays of a July sun against which even our felt caps were not much protection, we were half-dragging, half-pushing, our wheels through a foot of sand, and slapping at the mosquitos swarming upon our necks and faces.
“If it will ease your mind, I will take the office, Mrs. Trimble.  “Now, said the lawyer, after a brief interval; “I will read the draft of the will as I have written it, and you can see if it meets your views.  He had about half completed reading the document when there was heard a sharp ring at the doorbell.
She felt the excitement and terror of France, inside the railway carriage: and outside she saw white oxen slowly ploughing, beneath the lingering yellow poplars of the sub-Alps, she saw peasants looking up, she saw a woman holding a baby to her breast, watching the train, she saw the excited, yeasty crowds at the station.
(26) If at the death of a man who holds a lay ‘fee’ of the Crown, a sheriff or royal official produces royal letters patent of summons for a debt due to the Crown, it shall be lawful for them to seize and list movable goods found in the lay ‘fee’ of the dead man to the value of the debt, as assessed by worthy men.
If the archbishop cannot be present, proceedings shall continue without him, provided that if any of the twenty-five barons has been involved in a similar suit himself, his judgement shall be set aside, and someone else chosen and sworn in his place, as a substitute for the single occasion, by the rest of the twenty-five.
Through the courtesy of Mr. Peet of the American Bible House at Constantinople, we were provided with letters of introduction to the missionaries at Kaisarieh, as well as elsewhere along our route through Asiatic Turkey, and upon them we also had drafts to the amount of our deposit made at the Bible House before starting.
I have Bills of Exchange too, directed to thee, old Fellow, at _Sevil_; but finding thee not there, and I (as most Persons of my Quality are) being something idle, and never out of my way, came to this Town, to seek thee, Fellow--being recommended as thou seest here, old Vermin--here--                   [_Gives him Bills_.
he has cast himself into a Fit, and has lain like one in a Trance this half hour; ‘tis impossible for him to speak Sense this fortnight; I’ll secure his Reason a play-day for so long at least; your Servants, in _Turkish_ habits, are now his Guards, who will keep him safe enough from hindering your designs with _Julia_.
Hang Titles; ‘twas my self you lov’d, my amiable sweet and charming self: In fine, sweet-heart, I am your Husband; no Viscount, but honest _Guiliom_, the Chimney-sweeper.--I heard your Father design’d to marry you to a Tradesman, and you were for a Don; and to please you both, you see how well I have managed matters.
Very well, Sirrah, they died in an honourable Calling--but hark ye, _Rag_,--I have business, very earnest business abroad this Evening; now were you a Rascal of Docity, you wou’d invent a way to get home my last Suit that was laid in Lavender--with the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, as Perriwig, Cravat, and so forth.
II there are two further extracts ‘obmises dans le premier Tome’, a dialogue between the Doctor and Harlequin, ‘recit que fait Arlequin au Docteur, du Voyage qu’il a fait dans le Monde de la Lune’, and a short passage between Harlequin and Colombine, both of which can be closely paralleled in the English version.
And again, after descanting on the exhortations to virtue, dehortations from vices, and praises of laudable things which characterized the early poets, he defines the comical sort of poetry as containing all such _Epigrammes_, _Elegies_, and delectable ditties, which Poets have devised respecting onely the delight thereof.
It was on the evening before, when at supper with this gentleman in his tent, that a special messenger arrived from the governor, requesting us, as the invitation ran, “to take our brightness into his presence. As we entered, the governor rose from his seat on the floor, a courtesy never shown us by a Turkish official.
Friend, let your Master know we are here in very good quarters already, and he does us both too much honour; and that if we have notice of the Wedding-day, and I have nothing else to do, we’ll certainly wait on him, and the next morning we intend to take our leaves, which I send him word of beforehand to prevent surprize.
Very scurvily, that is to say, be always fashionably drunk, despise the Tyranny of your Bed, and reign absolutely--keep a Seraglio of Women, and let my Bastard Issue inherit; be seen once a Quarter, or so, with you in the Park for Countenance, where we loll two several ways in the gilt Coach like _Janus_, or a Spread-Eagle.
If e’er my Mother, Sir, were dear to you, As from your Tears I guest whene’er you nam’d her; If the remembrance of those Charms remain, Whose weak resemblance you have found in me, For which you oft have said you lov’d me dearly; Dispense your mercy, and preserve this Copy, Which else must perish with th’.riginal.
And he bent his head to the mandoline, and suddenly began to sing a Neapolitan song, in a faint, compressed head-voice, looking up at her again as his lips moved, looking straight into her face with a curious mocking caress as the muted _voix blanche_ came through his lips at her, amid the louder quavering of the mandoline.
), who has married Viola, breaks in crying: ‘No, Sir,--I am the arbiter of her lot;--however, I confirm half your punishment; and a dark chamber she shall certainly have.’ To this speech in the 4to Mrs. Cowley appends the following note: ’.his is the expression, I am told, which had nearly prov’d fatal to the Comedy.
Did you find Chester?  “Yes, here he is!  “Glad to see you, Chester, said the artist, shaking his hand cordially; “you must excuse my not going to meet you, but I was busily engaged on a large drawing for _Harper’s Weekly_, and, feeling in a favorable mood, I didn’t want to lose the benefit of my inspiration.
_The section of rhetoric._    Dame Rethoryke moder of eloquence   Moost elegaunt moost pure and gloryous   With lust delyte, blysse, honour and reverence   Within her parlour fresshe and precyous   Was set a quene, whose speche delycyous   Her audytours gan to all Joye converte   Eche worde of her myght ravysshe every herte.
Sometimes, indeed, it was a change almost from the sublime to the ridiculous, and vice versa—from a stable or sheepfold, with a diet of figs and bread, and an irrigating-ditch for a lavatory, to a palace itself, an Oriental palace, with all the delicacies of the East, and a host of servants to attend to our slightest wish.
Alvina watched her still, soothed her when she suddenly started and began to break out of the bedclothes, quieted her, pressed her gently, firmly down, folded her tight and made her submit to the perspiration against which, in convulsive starts, she fought and strove, crying that she was suffocating, she was too hot, too hot.
And let whoever in the country desires it, swear to obey the orders of the said five and twenty barons for the execution of all the aforesaid matters, and along with them, to molest us to the utmost of his power; and we publicly and freely grant leave to everyone who wishes to swear, and we shall never forbid anyone to swear.
This preponderance of rhetoric may be one reason for the tendency of the critics who wrote on the theory of poetry to use much of the terminology of rhetoric, and for the ease with which a modern student can formulate the classical theory of rhetoric, as compared with the difficulty he has in formulating the theory of poetry.
My Master sent me yesterday to Mr. _Crap_, his Scrivener, to send to one Mr. _Wasteall_, to tell him his first Mortgage was out, which is two hundred pounds a Year--and who has since ingaged five or six hundred more to my Master; but if this first be not redeem’d, he’ll take the Forfeit on’t, as he says a wise Man ought.
Tripp says you came into the store three or four days ago and changed a five-dollar bill.  “Yes; Mr. Tripp seemed anxious to know where I got it.  “You didn’t use to have five-dollar bills, Chester, when you were at work.  “This five-dollar bill dropped down the chimney one fine morning, said Chester, laughing.
It is a perfectly respectable place, but people living on Fifth Avenue prefer the Brunswick or Delmonico’s.  Edward brightened up so much owing to the presence of a friend from his distant home that Chester could hardly believe that it was the same boy whom he had found but a short time before in the depths of despondency.
You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that:  * You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from   the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method   you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.
You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that:  * You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from   the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method   you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.
You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that:  * You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from   the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method   you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.
In the libraries of Europe today there exist seventy-nine manuscripts of the _De inventione_, eighty-three of the _Ad Herennium_, forty of the _De oratore_, fourteen of the _Brutus_, and twenty of the _Orator._[163] Thus in the University of Bologna the study of rhetoric was based on the _De inventione_ and the _Ad Herennium_.
This plan had been adopted by every chief mandarin along the route, in order, not only to follow out the request of the London minister as written on the passport, but principally to do us honor in return for the favor of a bicycle exhibition; but many times we would leave our discomfited guards to return with unsigned papers.
“Chester wouldn’t no more steal from you than I would.  “I thought so myself, but when I found his handkerchief, marked with his name, on a flour barrel, I was convinced.  “Is that so, Chester?  “Yes, the handkerchief is mine.  “It wasn’t here last night, proceeded Silas, “and it was here this morning.
“I think, however, Mr. Fairchild added, with a smile, “that it would be hardly prudent to trust my business to an office boy.  “You are already trusting me very much, Mr. Fairchild.  “Yes; I feel safe in doing so.  Chester took the grip up the Elevated stairway and parted with Mr. Fairchild at the ticket office.
Her flowers charmed the petulant invalid, her books she sometimes discussed with the airy James: after which discussions she was invariably filled with exasperation and impatience, whilst James invariably retired to the shop, and was heard raising his musical voice, which the work-girls hated, to one or other of the work-girls.
(43) If a man holds lands of any ‘escheat’ such as the ‘honour’ of Wallingford, Nottingham, Boulogne, Lancaster, or of other ‘escheats’ in our hand that are baronies, at his death his heir shall give us only the ‘relief’ and service that he would have made to the baron, had the barony been in the baron’s hand.
(48) All evil customs relating to forests and warrens, foresters, warreners, sheriffs and their servants, or river-banks and their wardens, are at once to be investigated in every county by twelve sworn knights of the county, and within forty days of their enquiry the evil customs are to be abolished completely and irrevocably.
And let whoever in the country desires it, swear to obey the orders of the said five-and-twenty barons for the execution of all the aforesaid matters, and along with them, to molest us to the utmost of his power; and we publicly and freely grant leave to every one who wishes to swear, and we shall never forbid any one to swear.
Aside from the metrical form of poetic, accepted by all but Aristotle as a distinguishing characteristic, and the non-metrical form of rhetoric, the essentially practical nature of rhetoric marked it off to the Greeks and Romans as something quite different from poetic and infinitely more important in education and public life.
‘Tis the most unjanty humour that ever I saw; Ay, ay, he is my Rival, No marvel an he look’d so big upon me; He is damnable valiant, and as jealous as He is valiant; how shall I behave my Self to him, and these too idle humours of his I cannot yet determine; the comfort is, He knows I am a Coward whatever face I set upon it.
Mullins, said the agent, sternly, “I have before now told you that our customers are to be treated with consideration and kindness.  David Mullins did not reply, but he dug his pen viciously into the paper on which he was writing a receipt, and scowled, but as his back was turned to his employer, the latter did not see it.
Do you know if they keep company outside?  “I have seen them walking late in the evening.  “Why do you think Mr. Mullins discharged you?  “He wanted the place for a cousin of his.  “What name?  “Felix Gordon.  “Is he there now?  “Yes; Felix was taken on when I was discharged.  “At once?  “Yes.
The first thing he said to a sick or injured labourer, invariably, was:  “And keep off the beer.  “Oh ay!  “Keep off the beer, or I shan’t set foot in this house again.  “Tha’s got a red enough face on thee, tha nedna shout.  “My face is red with exposure to all weathers, attending ignorant people like you.
His treatise is based on traditional English opinion of the middle ages, with an increment of Horace, of whom he thinks so highly as to append to his treatise an English translation of the Cannons or generall cautions of poetry, which Georgius Fabricius Chemnicensis (1560) had digested from the _Ars Poetica_, and the _Epistles_.
As tawdry Gown and Petticoat gain more (Tho on a dull diseas’d ill-favour’d Whore) Than prettier Frugal, tho on Holy-day,         | When every City-Spark has leave to play_,      | --Damn her, she must be sound, she is so gay;  | _So let the Scenes be fine, you’ll ne’er enquire For Sense, but lofty Flights in nimble Wire.
Sir, I say, I am doubly wrong’d; first by this false Knight, who has belong’d to me this three Years, which gives me a right to him, as good as if I were married to him; who has now unlawfully left my Bed, for that of this Gilflurt, who, on the other side, takes away my Knight, and consequently eats the Bread out of my Mouth.
though he be but a Banker’s Prentice, Madam, he’s as pretty a Fellow of his Inches as any i’th’ City--he has made love in Dancing-Schools, and to Ladies of Quality in the middle Gallery, and shall joke ye--and repartee with any Fore-man within the Walls--prithee to her--and commend me, I’ll give thee a new Point Crevat.
Ha,--What Figure of a Thing have we here, bantering my credulous Uncle?--This must be some Scout sent from our _Forlorn Hope_, to discover the Enemy, and bring in fresh Intelligence.--Hum, that Wink tipt me some Tidings, and she deserves not a good Look, who understands not the Language of the Eyes.--Sir, Dinner’s on the Table.
The delay thus caused was well utilized in familiarizing ourselves as much as possible with the language and characteristics of the Chinese, for, as we were without guides, interpreters, or servants, and in some places lacked even official assistance, no travelers, perhaps, were ever more dependent upon the people than ourselves.
Matrimony!--I hope you are so exactly refin’d a Man of the Town, that you will not offer once to think of so dull a thing: let that alone for such cold Complexions as _Bellmour_ here, and I, that have not attain’d to that most excellent faculty of Keeping yet, as you, Sir _Timothy_, have done; much to your Glory, I assure you.
I need not have been brib’d for that, his Breach of Faith both to my Sister and my self, enough incites me to Revenge--He has not yet enjoy’d her, that Blessing is reserv’d for me alone; and though the Priest have joyn’d ‘em, that Marriage may be disannull’d, and she has a Fortune sufficient to excuse her other Faults.
How fondly do I listen to thy words, And fain would chide, and fain wou’d boast my Virtue, But mightier Love laughs at those poor delays; And I should doubtless give you all your _Julia_, Did not my fear prevent my kinder business; --And should _Francisco_ come and find me absent, Or take thee with me, we were lost, my _Carlos_.
Hum, ‘tis _Wasteall_--now does my heart fail me--A Chest say you--to me--so late;--I’ll warrant it comes from Sir _Nicholas Smuggle_--some prohibited Goods that he has stoln the Custom of, and cheated his Majesty--Well, he’s an honest Man, bring it in--                                                         [_Exit Servant_.
Will you do me the favor of drawing up a will leaving my entire property, with the exception of a thousand dollars, to my son, Edward, and bring it here to-morrow morning, with two trusty witnesses, and I will sign it.  “To whom will you leave the thousand dollars?  “To my—to Mr. Trimble, answered Mrs. Trimble, coldly.
In order to secure for us future respect, a small flag with the government stamp and of yellow color was given us to fly by the side of our “stars and stripes. On this was inscribed the title of “The Traveling Students, as well as answers to the more frequent of the common questions—our nationality, destination, and age.
_I Come not a Petitioner to sue, This Play the Author has writ down to you; ’.is a slight Farce, five Days brought forth with ease, So very foolish that it needs must please; For though each day good Judges take offence,      | And Satir arms in Comedy’s defence,                | You are still true to your _Jack-Pudding_ Sense.
Bannister, jun., also spoke the prologue], revived the opposition in the last scene--no more was heard till King [Don Alexis] advanced to speak the last speech--some alteration was made on the 2nd night, and the play was acted 9 times or more in the course of the season, but never afterwards [It was played at Bath 28 October, 1813.
You have, my Lord, a Judgment so piercing and solid, a Wisdom so quick and clear, and a Fortitude so truly Noble, that those Fatigues of State, that wou’d even sink a Spirit of less Magnitude, is by yours accomplish’t without Toil, or any Appearance of that harsh and crabbed Austerity, that is usually put on by the buisy Great.
You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that  - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from      the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method      you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.
She claps her hand— And Ciccio stood still in the street, with his hat cocked a little on one side, rather common-looking, and he smiled along his fine nose at Alvina, and he clapped his hands lightly, and he tilted his eyebrows and his eyelids as if facially he were imitating a dance, and all the time his lips smiled stupidly.
You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided that  - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from      the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method      you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.
This solicitude on their part was no doubt prompted by the fact that they were to be held by the mutessarif of Bayazid as personally responsible for our safe return, and perhaps, too, by the hope that they might thus retrieve the good graces they had lost the day before, and thereby increase the amount of the forthcoming baksheesh.
makes the Waiters fly, Boys, and the Master with Cap in Hand--excuse what’s amiss, Gentlemen--Your Worship shall command the best--and the rest--How briskly the Box and Dice dance, and the ready Money submits to the lucky Gamester, and the gay Wench consults with every Beauty to make her self agreeable to the Man with ready Money!
The doctor is bawling for help when the wily servant totters out yawning and rubbing his eyes to explain the whole affair away as a delusion or a vision produced by lunar agency, declaring that there has been a visit from the Moon World of their King and the Prince of Thunderland, who have descended a-courting Elaria and Bellemante.
We had baked beans for dinner three times a week, because they were cheap, and what was left was put on for breakfast the next mornin’.  “I like baked beans.  “You wouldn’t like them as Mrs. Dexter cooked them, and you wouldn’t want them for six meals a week.  “No, I don’t think I should, said Chester, smiling.
He alone, as a traveler of experience, advised a divergence from the Siberian route at Altin Imell, in order to visit the Chinese city of Kuldja, where, as he said, with the assistance of the resident Russian consul we could test the validity of the Chinese passport received, as before mentioned, from the Chinese minister at London.
Ay, if there were no more in’t than Exercise; if a Man cou’d take a Breathing without breathing a Vein--but, _Sham_, this Wounds, and Blood, sounds terribly in my Ears; but since thou say’st ‘tis nothing, prithee do thou meet _Bellmour_ in my stead; thou art a poor Dog, and ’.is no matter if the World were well rid of thee.
Peace, I say, thou Imp of Lucifer; wou’d thou hadst thy Bellyful, that I might be fairly rid of thee--go get you up to your Chamber, and, d’ye hear, stir not from thence, on pain of our severe displeasure, for I am sent for in all haste, to Signior Don _Sebastian’s_, ‘tis but hard by, I shall soon return;--what, are you here?
Where be the Minstrels, we’ll have a Dance--adod, we will --Ah--art thou there, thou cozening little Chits-face?--a Vengeance on thee--thou madest mean old doting loving Coxcomb--but I forgive thee--and give thee all thy Jewels, and you your Pardon, Sir, so you’ll give me mine; for I find you young Knaves will be too hard for us.
It was too late to correct it—excuse my emotion, ma’am, and Mr. Floyd drew a red silk handkerchief from his pocket and wiped his eyes; “but when I looked out and couldn’t see either of the other young fellers, and realized that they were drowned, I felt awful bad.  Mrs. Trimble put her handkerchief to her eyes and moaned.
Furthermore, the passport for which we had just applied to Baron Wrevsky, the Governor-General of Turkestan, would be available only as far as the border of Siberia, where we should have to apply to the various governors-general along our course to the Pacific, in case we should find the route across the Chinese empire impracticable.
This is also the keystone in that wall of forts which Russia gradually raised around her unruly nomads of the steppes, and where, according to Gortchakoff’s circular of 1864, “both interest and reason required her to stop; and yet at that very time General Tchernaieff was advancing his forces upon the present capital, Tashkend.
The Devil a bit she shall, good Father mine, no, no, I have more years than you, Sir Father, and understand what Women are, especially when married to ancient Men, and have the Conversation of young Men--whose Eyes like Basilisks destroy Modesty with looking on ‘em; the very Thought on’t has rais’d a Bump in my Forehead already.
The Captain, Sir, design’d it so, and at the Harbour gave it out those two Galleys were purposely prepared to entertain the Count and the Ladies with the representation of a Sea-fight; lest the noise of the Guns should alarm the Town, and, taking it for a real fight, shou’d have sent out Supplies, and so have ruin’d our Designs.
There are some pretty lines of his, ’.orinna, I excuse thy face’, in Act v of Southerne’s _The Wives Excuse; or, Cuckolds make Themselves_ (1692); and a still better song, ‘Bright Cynthia’s pow’r divinely great,’ which was sung by Leveridge in the second act of Southerne’s _Oroonoko_ (1699), came from his prolific pen.
Then she rose and went to the window: a very dirty window, looking down into a sort of well of an area, with other wells ranging along, and straight opposite like a reflection another solid range of back-premises, with iron stair-ways and horrid little doors and washing and little W. C.’s and people creeping up and down like vermin.
And if such are found in our land at the beginning of the war, they shall be detained, without injury to their bodies or goods, until information be received by us, or by our chief justiciar, how the merchants of our land found in the land at war with us are treated; and if our men are safe there, the others shall be safe in our land.
And if such are found in our land at the beginning of the war, they shall be detained, without injury to their bodies or goods, until information be received by us, or by our chief justiciar, how the merchants of our land found in the land at war with us are treated; and if our men are safe there, the others shall be safe in our land.
If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase Project Gutenberg associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase Project Gutenberg associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
In his _Discourse_ Webbe modestly asserts that his purpose in writing is primarily to stir up some one better than he to write on English poetry so that proper criteria of judgment may be established to discern between good writers and bad, and that the poets may thereby be aided in the right practice and orderly course of true poetry.
If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase Project Gutenberg associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
For a passport and other credentials necessary in journeying through Russia and Central Asia we had been advised to make application to the Czar’s representative on our arrival at Teheran, as we would enter the Russian dominions from Persia; and to that end the Russian minister in London had provided us with a letter of introduction.
But two hours before the appointed time a message was received from the viceroy, stating that he was about to receive an unexpected official visit from the _phantai_, or treasurer, of the Pe-chili province (over which Li-Hung-Chang himself is viceroy), and asking for a postponement of our visit to the following morning at 11 o’clock.
In one of the French scenes of _La Precaution inutile_, produced 5 March, 1692, by the Italian comedians, Gaufichon (Act i, I) cries to Leandre: ‘Je destine ma soeur a Monsieur le Docteur Balouard, et trente Plumets comme vous ne la détourneroient pas d’un aussi bon rencontre.’ The French word = a fop is, however, extremely rare.
Only when Miss Pinnegar spoke to Mr. Houghton—nay, the very way she addressed herself to him—“What do _you_ think, Mr. Houghton?—then there seemed to be assumed an immediacy of correspondence between the two, and an unquestioned priority in their unison, his and hers, which was a cruel thorn in Miss Frost’s outspoken breast.
Wherefore we will and firmly order that the English Church be free, and that the men in our kingdom have and hold all the aforesaid liberties, rights, and concessions, well and peaceably, freely and quietly, fully and wholly, for themselves and their heirs, of us and our heirs, in all respects and in all places forever, as is aforesaid.
Rich men have plenty of ways in which to invest their money to advantage, while you probably don’t know where to get over six per cent.  “No; I never got more’n that.  “I dare say you have considerable invested at that small interest.  “Well, mebbe.  “Think how much it would be for your advantage to get four per cent.
Coming over the brow of a heathy, rocky hillock, and seeing Ciccio beyond leaning deep over the plough, in his white shirt-sleeves following the slow, waving, moth-pale oxen across a small track of land turned up in the heathen hollow, her soul would go all faint, she would almost swoon with realization of the world that had gone before.
Everywhere was the same interminable picture of vast undulating plains of shifting reddish sands, interspersed with quartz pebbles, agates, and carnelians, and relieved here and there by patches of wiry shrubs, used as fuel at the desert stations, or lines of hillocks succeeding each other like waves on the surface of the shoreless deep.
You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works provided that      - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from       the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method you       already use to calculate your applicable taxes.
Satan’s she Advocate--peace, I say;--so, you look as innocently now, as a little Devil of two years old, I’ll warrant;--come, come, look me full in the face--thus,--turn your nose just to mine--so--now tell me whose damnable Plot this was, to send your Gallant with his Eloquence, Querks and Conundrums, to tutor me into better manners?
And then the train moved out, and she saw her darling standing there on the station, the pale, well-modelled face looking out from behind the gold-rimmed spectacles, wistfully, the strong, rather stout figure standing very still and unchangeable, under its coat and skirt of dark purple, the white hair glistening under the folded dark hat.
Seneca the father records the brilliant declamations of Ovid as a schoolboy, quoting at some length his plea for a wife who threw herself over a cliff on hearing of the death of her husband, and calling attention to several passages in Ovid's poems where the poet has borrowed the clever sayings of his professors in the school of rhetoric.
Ha, ha, ha--why this is the strangest thing--to see an old Fellow, a Magistrate of the City, the first Night he’s married, forsake his Bride and Bed, and come arm’d Cap-a-pee, like _Gargantua_, to disturb another old Fellow, and banter him with a Tale of a Tub; and all to be-cuckold him here--in plain _English_, what’s your Business?
‘Tis done, ‘tis done, the fatal knot is ty’d, _Erminia_ to _Alcippus_ is a Bride; Methinks I see the Motions of her Eyes, And how her Virgin Breasts do fall and rise: Her bashful Blush, her timorous Desire, Adding new Flame to his too vigorous Fire; Whilst he the charming Beauty must embrace, And shall I live to suffer this Disgrace?
For this (and justly) he was banished; Where whilst a low and unknown life he led, Far from the hope and glory of a Throne, In a poor humble Cottage you were born; Your early Beauty did it self display, Nor could no more conceal it self than Day: Your Eyes did first _Philander’s_ Soul inspire, And Fortune too conform’d her to his fire.
In justice then you ought to me resign, That which the Holy Priest intitled mine; Yet that, without your Heart, I do despise, For uncompell’d I’d have that sacrifice: --Come ease me of that Pain that presses here, Give me but Hope that may secure my Fear, I’m not asham’d to own my Soul possest With Jealousy, that takes away my rest.
If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project Gutenberg associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project Gutenberg associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
Along the roads many peasants were trooping to market, women in their best dresses, some of thick heavy silk with the white, full-sleeved bodices, dresses green, lavender, dark-red, with gay kerchiefs on the head: men muffled in cloaks, treading silently in their pointed skin sandals: asses with loads, carts full of peasants, a belated cow.
If anyone has been dispossessed or removed by us, without the legal judgment of his peers, from his lands, castles, franchises, or from his right, we will immediately restore them to him; and if a dispute arise over this, then let it be decided by the five and twenty barons of whom mention is made below in the clause for securing the peace.
This amateur character of English critics accounts in a measure for the slowness with which classical and Italian renaissance critical theories filtered into England; for a statesman or a soldier is less likely to be up-to-date on theories of poetry than is a professional critic whose business it is to know what is written on his specialty.
If you are redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project Gutenberg associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™ trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
And, Sir, you have all Encouragement; her Brother, you heard, refus’d to pay her Portion, and you know the Fate of a handsom young Wench in this Town, that relies on weak Virtue--Then because she is in The House with her Uncle, this same Steward has contriv’d matters so, to bring you in at the Back-door, her Lodgings being in the Garden.
You cry--She’s wondrous good, it is confessed,     | But still ‘tis_ Chapon Boüillé _at the best;       | That constant Dish can never make a Feast:         | Yet the pall’d Pleasure you must still pursue, You give so small Incouragement for new; And who would drudge for such a wretched Age, Who want the Bravery to support one Stage?
Miss Pinnegar lived in: so that the household consisted of the invalid, who mostly sat, in her black dress with a white lace collar fastened by a twisted gold brooch, in her own dim room, doing nothing, nervous and heart-suffering; then James, and the thin young Alvina, who adhered to her beloved Miss Frost, and then these two strange women.
If any one has been dispossessed or removed by us, without the legal judgment of his peers, from his lands, castles, franchises, or from his right, we will immediately restore them to him; and if a dispute arise over this, then let it be decided by the five-and-twenty barons of whom mention is made below in the clause for securing the peace.
Poetry, therefore, is where any worke is learnedly compiled in   measurable speech, and framed in wordes conteyning number or proportion   of just syllables, delighting the readers or hearers as well by the apt   and decent framing of wordes in equal resemblance of quantity--commonly   called verse, as by the skylfull handling of the matter.
The Night is calm and silent as my Thoughts, Where nothing now but Love’s soft whispers dwell; Who in as gentle terms upbraids my Rage, Which strove to dispossess the Monarch thence: It tells me how dishonest all my Fears are, And how ungrateful all my Jealousies; And prettily persuades those Infidels To be less rude and mutinous hereafter.
No, Sir, ‘tis Morning now--and I’m up for all day.--This Madness is a pretty sort of pleasant Disease, when it tickles but in one Vein--Why, here’s my Master now, as great a Scholar, as grave and wise a Man, in all Argument and Discourse, as can be met with; yet name but the Moon, and he runs into ridicule, and grows as mad as the Wind.
Ay, there it was indeed, Sir,--and as his Highness was taking a Survey of this lower World--through a long Perspective, Sir,--he saw you and your Daughter and Neice, and from that very moment fell most desperately in love.--But hark, the sound of Timbrels, Kettle-Drums and Trumpets.--The Emperor, Sir, is on his way, prepare for his Reception.
Poor Miss Frost, who had seemed almost to blossom again in the long hot days, regaining a free cheerfulness that amounted almost to liveliness, and who even caused a sort of scandal by her intimacy with a rather handsome but common stranger, an insurance agent who had come into the place with a good, unused tenor voice—now she wilted again.
The popular use of rhetoric as synonymous with fine honeyed speech,[151] is seen in a passage from _Old Fortunatus_, where it carries the modern connotation of a meretricious substitute for genuine feeling, as where Agripyne says,    Methinks a soldier is the most faithful lover of all men else; for his   affection stands not upon compliment.
Bredwel then in his satanic masquerade meets Gayman, and bringing him a roundabout way, introduces him into Sir Cautious’ house, where, after having been entertained with a masque of dances and songs as by spirits, he is conducted to Lady Fulbank’s chamber by her maid disguised as an ancient crone, and admitted to his mistress’ embraces.
I’ll not reproach my Fortune, since in you Grief does the noblest of your Sex subdue; When your great Soul a sorrow can admit, I ought to suffer from the sense of it; Your cause of grief too much like mine appears, Not to oblige my Eyes to double tears; And had my heart no sentiments at home, My part in yours had doubtless fill’d the room.
Most people start at our website which has the main PG search facility: www.gutenberg.org  This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm, including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
Weird and wonderful winter coats, for ladies—everything James handled was for ladies, he scorned the coarser sex—: weird and wonderful winter coats for ladies, of thick, black, pockmarked cloth, stood and flourished their bear-fur cuffs in the background, while tippets, boas, muffs and winter-fancies coquetted in front of the window-space.
Most people start at our website which has the main PG search facility: www.gutenberg.org  This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm, including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
Most people start at our website which has the main PG search facility: www.gutenberg.org  This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm, including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
The author of the _Arimaspeia_ thinks these lines terrible:    Here too, is mighty marvel for our thought:   'Mid seas men dwell, on water, far from land:   Wretches they are, for sorry toil is theirs;   Eyes on the stars, heart on the deep they fix;   Oft to the gods, I ween, their hands are raised;   Their inward parts in evil case upheaved.
“Why were you not more careful when you knew you had so much money in your care?  “I—I ought to have been, I know it, sir, but I wasn’t thinking.  “Where are you employed?  “At Mr. Fairchild’s office, on Fourteenth Street.  “The real estate agent?  “Yes, sir.  “I know the place.  “My cousin is the bookkeeper.
I’m for any thing that’s out of the common Road of Sin; I love a Man that will be damn’d for something: to creep by slow degrees to Hell, as if he were afraid the World shou’d see which way he went, I scorn it, ‘tis like a Conventicler--No, give me a Man, who to be certain of’s Damnation, will break a solemn Vow to a contracted Maid.
During his absence Sir Feeble Fainwou’d, a doting old alderman and his rival, having procured his pardon from the King to prevent it being granted if applied for a second time, and keeping this stratagem secret, next forges a letter as if from the Hague which describes in detail Bellmour’s execution for killing a toper during a tavern brawl.
Faith, no, Sir; but they are, for the most part, what’s as good, very proud and promising, Sir, most liberal of their Word to every fauning Suiter, to purchase the state of long Attendance, and cringing as they pass; but the Devil of a Performance, without you get the Knack of bribing in the right Place and Time; but yet they all defy it, Sir.
“Since you own property in our neighborhood, Mr. Rand, said Prof. Nugent, “why don’t you make us a visit?  “I hope to some day when I can afford it, replied Chester, “but I didn’t know till you told me just now that my lots were worth more than a trifle.  “If ever you do come, don’t forget to call on me at the university.
I will carry back with me a thousand dollars, and leave with him three thousand dollars for investment.  “Then come back to the office and I will introduce you to Mr. Downie, with whom you can leave instructions.  Chester was presented to Mr. Downie, a blond young man, who looked honest and reliable, and they soon came to an understanding.
We will entirely remove from their bailiwicks, the relations of Gerard Athee (so that in future they shall have no bailiwick in England); namely, Engelard of Cigogne, Peter, Guy, and Andrew of Chanceaux, Guy of Cigogne, Geofrrey of Martigny with his brothers, Philip Mark with his brothers and his nephew Geoffrey, and the whole brood of the same.
I have, _Antonio_, besides your particular Revenge, one of my own to act by this deceit, since all my Industry to see the charming _Julia_ has hitherto been vain, I have resolv’d upon a new project, if this False Count pass upon ‘em, as I doubt not but he will, and that he gets admittance into the House, I’ll pass for one of his Domesticks.
Ah, that _Alcippus_ did not you approve, We then might hope these mischiefs to remove; The King my Father might be won by Prayer, And my too powerful Brother’s sad despair, To break his word, which kept will us undo: And he will lose his dear _Philander_ too, Who dies and can no remedies receive: But vows that ‘tis for you alone he’ll live.
All the time he looked across the table, with the half-asserted, knowing look in his eyes, at Gigi: and all the time he addressed himself to Gigi, with the throaty, rich, plangent quality in his voice, that Alvina could not bear, it seemed terrible to her: and he spoke in French: and the two men seemed to be exchanging unspeakable communications.
--I knew thou didst dissemble when we parted, And therefore durst not trust thee with thy Passions: I only staid to gather from my Sister What news I might concerning your affairs, Which I with joy came to impart to you, But most unfortunately came too late: Why didst thou yield obedience to that Devil, Which urg’d thee to destroy this Innocent?
III ***  ***** This file should be named 10039-0.txt or 10039-0.zip ***** This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:         https://www.gutenberg.org/1/0/0/3/10039/  Produced by Jonathan Ingram, Tapio Riikonen and PG Distributed Proofreaders  Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will be renamed.
In the Treatise _Of Education_ (1644) he refers to the sublime art of poetry which in _Aristotle's poetics_, in _Horace_, and the _Italian_ commentaries of _Castelvetro, Tasso, Mazzoni_, and others, teaches what the laws are of a true _Epic_ poem, what of a _Dramatic_, what of a _Lyric_, what decorum is, which is the grand master peece to observe.
We will entirely remove from their bailiwicks, the relations of Gerard of Athee (so that in future they shall have no bailiwick in England); namely, Engelard of Cigogne, Peter, Guy, and Andrew of Chanceaux, Guy of Cigogne, Geoffrey of Martigny with his brothers, Philip Mark with his brothers and his nephew Geoffrey, and the whole brood of the same.
Such a journey, made upon the railroad track, where water and food were obtainable at regular intervals, would have entailed only a small part of the hardships incurred on the deserts in China, yet we were more than anxious to reach, before the advent of winter, a point whence we could be assured of reaching the Pacific during the following season.
To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit https://pglaf.org  While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.
To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit https://pglaf.org  While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.
Wherefore it is our will, and we firmly enjoin, that the English Church be free, and that the men in our kingdom have and hold all the aforesaid liberties, rights, and concessions, well and peaceably, freely and quietly, fully and wholly, for themselves and their heirs, of us and our heirs, in all respects and in all places for ever, as is aforesaid.
The text of THE MAGNA CARTA   The Magna Carta (The Great Charter):  Preamble:  John, by the grace of God, king of England, lord of Ireland, duke of Normandy and Aquitaine, and count of Anjou, to the archbishop, bishops, abbots, earls, barons, justiciaries, foresters, sheriffs, stewards, servants, and to all his bailiffs and liege subjects, greetings.
As these modern developments were unheard of during the periods under consideration in this study, and as the renaissance used the words rhetoric and poetic much more in their classical senses than we do today, it must be understood that throughout this study rhetoric will be used as meaning classical rhetoric, and poetic as meaning classical poetic.
Chinese custom requires that the remains of the dead be brought back to their native place, no matter how far they may have wandered during life, and as the carriage of a single body would often be expensive, they are generally interred in temporary cemeteries or mortuary villages, until a sufficient number can be got together to form a large convoy.
Faith, very suddenly, for I think it will not be Hard to find men of your trade, Men that will fight as long as you can do, And Men that love it much better than I, Men that are poor and damn’d, fine desperate Rogues, Rascals that for a Pattacoon a Man Will fight their Fathers, And kiss their Mothers into peace again: Such, Sir, I think will fit you.
This rhetorical terminology was derived from three sources: directly to some extent from the classical rhetorics themselves; indirectly through the influence of classical rhetoric upon the terminology of the Italian critics of poetry; and indirectly, to a considerable extent, through the mediæval modifications of classical and post-classical rhetoric.
Against all protest, we waved “farewell to the foreign and native throng which had assembled to see us off, and on October 5 wheeled out of the fortified square on the “Pilgrim Road to Meshed.  Before us now lay six hundred miles of barren hills, swampy _kevirs_, brier-covered wastes, and salty deserts, with here and there some kanot-fed oases.
’.is for your delight, Sir, I do’t; for, Sir, you must understand, a Man, if he have any thing in him, Sir, of Honour, for the case, Sir, lies thus, ‘tis not the business of an Army to droll upon an Enemy--truth is, every man loves a whole skin;--but ‘twas the fault of the best Statesmen in Christendom to be loose in the hilts,--you conceive me.
If only the   Expectation of two thousand a year kept me from you, ah!_   Julia, _how easily would I abandon that Trifle for your more   valued sight; but that I know a fortune will render me   more agreeable to the charming_ Julia, _I should quit all my   Interest here, to throw my self at her Feet, to make her   sensible how I am intirely her Adorer_.
After long searching, watching, fasting, praying, and using all the virtuous means in Nature, whereby we solely do attain the highest Knowledge in Philosophy; it was resolv’d, by strong Intelligence--you were the happy Sire of that bright Nymph, that had infascinated, charm’d, and conquer’d the mighty Emperor _Iredonozor_, the Monarch of the Moon.
Epilogue to Buckingham’s _The Chances_ (1682):--                   The Author dreads the strut and meen     Of new prais’d Poets, having often seen     Some of his Fellows, who have writ before,     When Nel has danc’d her Jig, steal to the Door,     Hear the Pit clap, and with conceit of that     Swell, and believe themselves the Lord knows what.
Thus, though the Mall, the Ring, the Pit is full, And every Coffee-House still swarms with Fool; Though still by Fools all other Callings live, Nay our own Women by fresh Cullies thrive, Though your Intrigues which no Lampoon can cure, Promise a long Succession to ensure; And all your Matches plenty do presage: Dire is the Dearth and Famine on the Stage.
My Father was coming into the Chamber, and had like to have taken _Cinthio_ with me, when, to conceal him, I put him into your Closet, not knowing of _Charmante’s_ being there, and which, in the dark, he took for a Gallant of mine; had not my Father’s Presence hinder’d, I believe there had been Murder committed; however they both escap’d unknown.
“Have you _nothing at all_ in the way of amusement?  “They all go up to Woodhouse, else to Hathersedge.  “But couldn’t you support some place of your own—some _rival_ to Wright’s Variety?  “Ay—’appen—if somebody started it.  And so it was that James was inoculated with the idea of starting a cinema on the virgin soil of Lumley.
The chief plan was that the theatre should be sold up: and that Manchester House should be sold, reserving a lease on the top floor, where Miss Pinnegar’s work-rooms were: that Miss Pinnegar and Alvina should move into a small house, Miss Pinnegar keeping the work-room, Alvina giving music-lessons: that the two women should be partners in the work-shop.
Why, yes, marry her--I hope you are none of the fashionable Fops, that are always in Mutiny against Marriage, who never think themselves very witty, but when they rail against Heaven and a Wife-- But, _Frank_, I have found better Principles in thee, and thou hast the Reputation of a sober young Gentleman; thou art, besides, a Man of great Fortune, _Frank_.
name her not, the thought on’t turns my Stomach--a sight of her is a Vomit; but he’s a bold Hero that dares venture on her for a kiss, and all beyond that sure is Hell it self--yet there’s my last, last Refuge--and I must to this Wedding--I know not what,--but something whispers me,--this Night I shall be happy--and without _Julia_ ’.is impossible!
To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate  While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.
To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate  While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.
To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate  While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.
Varchi says:    Just as the logician uses for his means the noblest of all instruments,   that is, demonstration or the demonstrative syllogism; so the   dialectician, the topical syllogism; and the sophist, the sophistical,   that is, the apparent and deceitful; the rhetorician, the enthymeme, and   the poet, the example, which is the least worthy of all.
This night I’m wiser grown by observation, My Love and Friendship taught me jealousy, Which like a cunning Spy brought in intelligence From every eye less wary than its own; They told me that the charming _Galatea_, In whom all power remains, Is yet too feeble to encounter Love; I find she has receiv’d the wanton God, Maugre my fond opinion of her Soul.
I saw his postures, heard him rave and cry, _’.was I that kill’d_ Erminia, _yes ‘twas I_; Then from his almost frantick Head he’d tear Whole handfuls of his well-becoming Hair: Thus would he, till his Rage was almost spent, And then in softer terms he would lament: Then speak as if _Erminia_ still did live, And that Belief made him forget to grieve.
but no more, I dare not yet suppose it--perhaps the thing was real and no Dream, for oftentimes the grosser part is hurried away in Sleep by the force of Imagination, and is wonderfully agitated --This Fellow might be present in his Sleep,--of this we’ve frequent Instances--I’ll to my Daughter and my Niece, and hear what Knowledge they may have of this.
That we wish this so to be observed, appears from the fact that of our own free will, before the outbreak of the present dispute between us and our barons, we granted and confirmed by charter the freedom of the Church’s elections - a right reckoned to be of the greatest necessity and importance to it - and caused this to be confirmed by Pope Innocent III.
In many of the smaller towns, our visits to the restaurant would sometimes result in considerable damage to its keepers, for the crowd would swarm in after us, knocking over the table, stools, and crockery as they went, and collect in a circle around us to watch the “foreigners eat, and to add their opium and tobacco smoke to the suffocating atmosphere.
(Philosophy not understood by the Multitude;) ‘tis Example alone that inspires Morality, and best establishes Vertue, I have my self known a Man, whom neither Conscience nor Religion cou’d perswade to Loyalty, who with beholding in our Theatre a Modern Politician set forth in all his Colours, was converted, renounc’d his opinion, and quitted the Party.
The situation between Alcippus and Erminia, Act ii, III, has some vague resemblance to that of Amintor and Evadne, Act ii, I. Aminta also faintly recalls Dula, whilst the song ‘Hang love, for I will never pine’ has a far-off echo of ‘I could never have the power.’ But Mrs. Behn has not approached within measuring distance of that supreme masterpiece.
It must be so--and either he descended to court my Daughter personally, which for the rareness of the Novelty, she takes to be a Dream; or else, what they and I beheld, was visionary, by way of a sublime Intelligence:--And possibly--’tis only thus: the People of that World converse with Mortals.--I must be satisfy’d in this main Point of deep Philosophy.
Having been so long in America, he had acquired American qualities, one of which was this heavy sort of private innocence, coupled with complacent and natural unscrupulousness in “matters of business. A man of some odd sensitiveness in material things, he liked to have his clothes neat and spick, his linen immaculate, his face clean-shaved like a cherub.
There stood the two men, Mr. May like a perky, pink-faced grey bird standing cocking his head in attention to James Houghton, and occasionally catching James by the lapel of his coat, in a vain desire to get a word in, whilst James’s head nodded and his face simply wagged with excited speech, as he skipped from foot to foot, and shifted round his listener.
The colliers, as they tramped grey and heavy, in an intermittent stream uphill from the low grey west, stood on the pavement in wonder as the cavalcade approached and passed, jingling the silver bells of its trappings, vibrating the wonderful colours of the barred blankets and saddle cloths, the scarlet wool of the accoutrements, the bright tips of feathers.
And if any one of the five-and-twenty barons shall have died or departed from the land, or be incapacitated in any other manner which would prevent the foresaid provisions being carried out, those of the said twenty-five barons who are left shall choose another in his place according to their own judgment, and he shall be sworn in the same way as the others.
And if any one of the five and twenty barons shall have died or departed from the land, or be incapacitated in any other manner which would prevent the foresaid provisions being carried out, those of the said twenty five barons who are left shall choose another in his place according to their own judgment, and he shall be sworn in the same way as the others.
Yes, Sir, a great one, and I’ll have it so; and let me tell you, you nor your Sister (for that reason) must expect no more Friendship at my Hands, than from those that are absolute Strangers to you: Your Brother has refus’d you your Portions, and I’ll have as little Mercy As he, and so farewel to you--But where’s the Messenger that brought the Letter?
Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:       https://www.gutenberg.org  This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm, including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
So much she saw in the glimpse of lantern-light, as Pancrazio pulled the string and entered the kitchen: a dim-walled room with a vaulted roof and a great dark, open hearth, fireless: a bare room, with a little rough dark furniture: an unswept stone floor: iron-barred windows, rather small, in the deep-thickness of the wall, one-half shut with a drab shutter.
Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:       https://www.gutenberg.org  This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm, including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
The matter was again referred to the consul, who reported back the following day that his previous assurances were reliable, that the Tootai would make the necessary visés, and send away at once, by the regular relay post across the empire, an open letter that could be read by the officials along the route, and be delivered long before our arrival at Peking.
We were immediately invited to take tea with this one, a morning dish of _tung-posas_, or nut and sugar dumplings, with another, while a third came over with his can of _sojeu_, or Chinese gin, with an invitation “to join him. The Chinese of all nations seem to live in order to eat, and from this race of epicures has developed a nation of excellent cooks.
Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:       http://www.gutenberg.org   This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg™, including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
Which word Lady I no sooner named, but I thought he would have saluted me with a Cudgel,--in fine, observing her behind him, whom he shelter’d all he could with his Cloke, I taking an occasion to whisper him, gave it her over his shoulder, whilst she return’d some Smiles and Looks of Joy,--but for an answer, ‘twas impossible to get the least sign of one.
In fine, Sir, I have been in Tribulation, that is to say, Moneyless, for six tedious Weeks, without either Clothes, or Equipage to appear withal; and so not only my own Love-affair lay neglected--but thine too--and I am forced to pretend to my Lady, that I am i’th’ Country with a dying Uncle--from whom, if he were indeed dead, I expect two thousand a Year.
Elated by her recent successes in the matter of a Russian consul at Meshed, Russia has very forcibly invited Persia to construct more than half of a road which, in connection with the Transcaspian railway, makes Khorassan almost an exclusive Russian market, and opens Persia’s richest province to Russia’s troops and cannon on the prospective march to Herat.
And how wou’d you reward that politick head, that shou’d contrive the means to bring this handsomly about; not for an a hour, or a night, but even as long as you please, with freedom; without the danger of venturing your honourable neck, in showing Feats of Activity three stories high, with a Dagger in one hand, and a Pistol in t’other, like a Ropedancer?
Not for me, fair Lady, by _Jupiter_,--no, no,--Queen’s much better,--Death, affront a man of Honour, a Viscount that wou’d have took you to his Bed,--after half the Town had blown upon you,--without examining either Portion or Honesty, and wou’d have took you for better for worse--Death, I’ll untile Houses, and demolish Chimneys, but I’ll be revenged.
A very proper young Fellow, and as like old _Frank Fainwou’d_ as the Devil to the Collier; but, _Francis_, you are come into a very leud Town, _Francis_, for Whoring, and Plotting, and Roaring, and Drinking; but you must go to Church, _Francis_, and avoid ill Company, or you may make damnable Havock in my Cash, _Francis_, --what, you can keep Merchants Books?
Then by combining Aristotle's definition of tragedy from the _Poetics_[264] with his definition of rhetoric, Lombardus defined poetic as    a faculty of finding out whatsoever is accommodated to the imitation of   actions, passions, customs, in rhythmical language, for the purpose of   correcting the vices of men and causing them to live good and happy   lives.
And I have been thinking—if Miss Pinnegar will take the cash and issue tickets: if she will take over the ticket-office: and you will play the piano: and if Mr. May learns the control of the machine—he is having lessons now—: and if I am the indoors attendant, we shan’t need any more staff.  “Miss Pinnegar won’t take the cash, father.  “Why not?
Like the railway skirting the Italian Riviera, and the Patras-Athens line along the Saronic Gulf, this Trans-Bosporus road for a great distance scarps and tunnels the cliffs along the Gulf of Ismid, and sometimes runs so close to the water’s edge that the puffing of the _kara vapor_ or “land steamer, as the Turks call it, is drowned by the roaring breakers.
Our honorary escort accompanied us several miles over the border to the Persian village of Killissakend, and there committed us to the hospitality of the district khan, with whom we managed to converse in the Turkish language, which, strange to say, we found available in all the countries that lay in our transcontinental pathway as far as the great wall of China.
Very well, then there needs no more but that you go along with my man to my house, my Authority shall secure you from all the injuries that shall accrue from a discovery, but I hope none will happen: Equipage, Clothes and Money we’ll furnish you with.--Go home with him, and dress, and practise the Don till we come, who will give you ample instructions what to do.
There would be the handsome entrance and hall: there would be an extension of the kitchen and scullery: there would be an installing of new hot-water and sanitary arrangements: there would be a light lift-arrangment from the kitchen: there would be a handsome glazed balcony or loggia or terrace on the first floor at the back, over the whole length of the back-yard.
If we have given the guardianship of the land to a sheriff, or to any person answerable to us for the revenues, and he commits destruction or damage, we will exact compensation from him, and the land shall be entrusted to two worthy and prudent men of the same ‘fee’, who shall be answerable to us for the revenues, or to the person to whom we have assigned them.
* If we, our chief justice, our officials, or any of our servants offend in any respect against any man, or transgress any of the articles of the peace or of this security, and the offence is made known to four of the said twenty-five barons, they shall come to us - or in our absence from the kingdom to the chief justice - to declare it and claim immediate redress.
The expression Tian Shan Pe-lu, or northern Tian Shan route, in opposition to the Tian Shan Nan-lu, or southern Tian Shan route, shows that the Chinese had fully appreciated the importance of this historic highway, which continues the road running from the extreme western gate of the Great Wall obliquely across Mongolian Kan-su, through Hami and Barkul, to Urumtsi.
Madame eyed her shrewdly, with just a touch of jealousy: the eternal jealousy that must exist between the plump, pale partridge of a Frenchwoman, whose black hair is so glossy and tidy, whose black eyes are so acute, whose black dress is so neat and _chic_, and the rather thin Englishwoman in soft voile, with soft, rather loose brown hair and demure, blue-grey eyes.
No--He’s no Country-Squire, Gentlemen, will not game, whore; nay, in my Conscience, you will hardly get your selves drunk in his Company--He treats A-la-mode, half Wine, half Water, and the rest--But to the Business, this Fellow loves his Sister dearly, and will not trust her in this leud Town, as he calls it, without him; and hither he has brought her to marry me.
May be you are, Sir--but Youth you know-- Opportunity--Occasion--or so--there are Winks, and Nods, and Signs, and Twirs--and--well--in short I am satisfied, and they that are not may go whistle: and so I’ll to my Wife, whom I have left too long alone, evil thoughts will grow upon her--Wife, Love--Duckling--                                              [_Calls her_.
Where, while a     Hymeneal Song is sung, the Priest joins their Hands: The Song     ended, and they marry’d, they come forth; but before they come     forward, two Chariots descend one on one side above, and the other     on the other side; in which is_ Harlequin _dress’d like a Mock Hero,     with others; and_ Scaramouch _in the other, dress’d so in Helmets_.
***  [There were many missing spaces in this one, not sure I got them all]     Magna Carta 1215   John, by the grace of God, king of England, lord of Ireland, duke of Normandy and Aquitaine, and count of Anjou, to the archbishops, bishops, abbots, earls, barons, justiciars, foresters, sheriffs, stewards, servants, and to all his bailiffs and liege subjects, greeting.
If anyone holds of us by fee-farm, either by socage or by burage, or of any other land by knight’s service, we will not (by reason of that fee-farm, socage, or burgage), have the wardship of the heir, or of such land of his as if of the fief of that other; nor shall we have wardship of that fee-farm, socage, or burgage, unless such fee-farm owes knight’s service.
We were shown to a room, or windowless cell, in the honeycomb structure that surrounded an open quadrangular court, at the time filled with a caravan of pilgrims, carrying triangular white and black flags, with the Persian coat of arms, the same we have seen over many doorways in Persia as warnings of the danger of trespassing upon the religious services held within.
The latter route, which is now commanded at intervals by Chinese forts and military settlements, was recently relinquished by Russia only when she had obtained a more permanent footing on the former in the trading-posts of Chuguchak and Kobdo, for she very early recognized the importance of this most natural entry to the only feasible route across the Chinese empire.
Faith, I was coming to pay my Respects and Services, and the rest--Thou know’st my meaning--The old Business of the Silver-World, _Ned_; by Fortune, it’s a mad Age we live in, _Ned_; and here be so many--wicked Rogues, about this damn’d leud Town, that, ’.aith, I am fain to speak in the vulgar modish Style, in my own Defence, and railly Matrimony and the rest.
But these could be easily overlooked, for the eye would instinctively wander across the green and shallow valley, to the long upslope opposite, showing the Manor set in its clump of trees, and farms and haystacks pleasantly dotted, and moderately far off coal-mines with twinkling headstocks and narrow railwaylines crossing the arable fields, and heaps of burning slag.
This is the country of the “Thousand Springs mentioned by the Chinese pilgrim Huen T’sang, and where was established the kingdom of Black China, supposed by many to have been one of the kingdoms of “Prester John. But far away to our left were the white sands of the Ak-Kum, over which the cloudless atmosphere quivers incessantly, like the blasts of a furnace.
She had given the rather florid young man tea in her room, and had laboured away at his fine, metallic voice, correcting him and teaching him and laughing with him and spending really a remarkable number of hours alone with him in her room in Woodhouse—for she had given up tramping the country, and had hired a music-room in a quiet street, where she gave her lessons.
(37) If a man holds land of the Crown by ‘fee-farm’, ‘socage’, or ‘burgage’, and also holds land of someone else for knight’s service, we will not have guardianship of his heir, nor of the land that belongs to the other person’s ‘fee’, by virtue of the ‘fee-farm’, ‘socage’, or ‘burgage’, unless the ‘fee-farm’ owes knight’s service.
The poet, says Sidney, in that most famous passage which is too frequently quoted incompletely,    commeth to you with words sent in delightful proportion, either   accompanied with, or prepared for, the well inchaunting skill of   Musicke; and with a tale forsooth he commeth unto you, with a tale which   holdeth children from play, and old men from the chimney corner.
‘Tis what I’ve reason to believe, _Alcander_, And you can give me none for loving me: I’m much unlike _Lucinda_ whom you sigh’d for, I’m not so coy, nor so reserv’d as she; Nor so designing as _Florana_ your next Saint, Who starv’d you up with hope, till you grew weary; And then _Ardelia_ did restore that loss, The little soft _Ardelia_, kind and fair too.
As the restoration of the Stuarts to the throne of England inaugurated a new period in English criticism, during which English critical theories were largely influenced by French criticism, this study will stop short of this, restricting itself to the years between the publication of Thomas Wilson's _Arte of Rhetorique_ in 1553 and that of Ben Jonson's _Timber_ in 1641.
as if there were any Wit requir’d in a Woman when she talks; no, no matter for Wit, or Sense: talk but loud, and a great deal to shew your white Teeth, and smile, and be very confident, and ‘tis enough--Lord, what a Sight ‘tis to see a pretty Woman Stand right up an end in the middle of a Room, playing with her Fan, for want of something to keep her in Countenance.
--Be wise, and of their Bounties share;    For if_ Erminia _still was here,    Still subject to the toils of Life,    She never could have been thy Wife,    Who by the Laws of Men and Heaven    Was to another’s bosom given:    --And what Injustice thou hast done,    Was only to thy Prince alone;    But he has mercy, can redeem    Those Ills which thou hast done to him.
The Second Edition (1657) has various cuts amongst which is a frontispiece, that occurs again at page 29 of the little volume, depicting Gonsales being drawn up to the lunar world in a machine, not unlike a primitive parachute, to which are harnessed his ‘gansas ... 25 in number, a covey that carried him along lustily.’  p. 399 _A Discourse of the World in the Moon_.
At once Love’s Courage and his Slavery     In_ Taurus _is expressed,   Though o’er the Plains the Conqueror be,     The generous Beast   Does to the Yoke submit his noble Breast;   While_ Gemini _smiling and twining of Arms,     Shews Love’s soft Indearments and Charms;   And_ Cancer’s _slow Motion the degrees do express,     Respectful Love arrives to Happiness_.
It is the purpose of this study not to go over the ground which Spingarn has so admirably covered, but to point out in English renaissance theories of poetry those elements which derive from the mediaeval tradition and from the classical rhetorics, and to trace the gradual displacements of these elements by the sounder classical tradition which reached England from Italy.
Judge, dear _Antonio_, my Surprize and Grief; A-while I stood unmov’d, thoughtless, and silent, But soon Rage wak’d me to new Life again; But what I said and did, I leave to raging Lovers, Like disappointed me, to guess and judge; She heard--and only answer’d me in Tears, Nor could I beg one tender Word from her, She sigh’d, and shut the Window too, and vanish’d.
My Stomach was up before me, Friend; and I’m damnably hungry; ’.is strange how a man’s Appetite increases with his Greatness; I’ll swinge it away now I’m a Lord,--then I will wench without Mercy; I’m resolv’d to spare neither Man, Woman, nor Child, not I; hey, Rogues, Rascals, Boys, my Breakfast, quickly, Dogs--let me see, what shall I have now that’s rare?
--See, Sir, the Cloud of Foreigners appears, French, English, Spaniards, Danes, Turks, Russians, Indians, and the nearer Climes of Christendom; and lastly, Sir, behold the mighty Emperor.--      [_A Chariot appears, made like a Half Moon, in which is_ Cinthio     _for the Emperor, richly dressed, and_ Charmante _for the Prince,     rich, with a good many Heroes attending_.
He had almost forgotten his meeting with Herbert Conrad, the young artist, when the day after the funeral he received a letter in an unknown hand, addressed to “Master Chester Rand, Wyncombe, New York.  As he opened it, his eyes opened wide with surprise and joy, when two five-dollar bills fluttered to the ground, for he had broken the seal in front of the post office.
There they all were: burly dragoons of stout pennies, heavy and holding their ground, with a screen of halfpenny light infantry, officered by the immovable half-crown general, who in his turn was flanked by all his staff of florin colonels and shilling captains, from whom lightly moved the nimble sixpenny lieutenants all ignoring the wan, frail Joey of the threepenny-bits.
Here, Nephew, I resign that Trust, which was repos’d in me by your dead Father; which was, that on your Wedding-Day I should thus-- make you Master of your whole Fortune, you being married to my liking-- And now, _Charles_, and you, my Niece _Phillis_, you may demand your Portions to morrow, if you please, for he is oblig’d to pay you the Day after that of his Marriage.
_Long, and at vast Expence, th’industrious Stage Has strove to please a dull ungrateful Age: With Heroes and with Gods we first began, And thunder’d to you in heroick Strain: Some dying Love-sick Queen each Night you injoy’d, And with Magnificence at last were cloy’d: Our Drums and Trumpets frighted all the Women; Our Fighting scar’d the Beaux and Billet-Doux Men.
I ask because I have never been in New York before.  “It is only about ten minutes’ walk.  “Then I’ll go with you, that is, if you can wait fifteen minutes while I finish writing a letter to my wife, apprising her of my safe arrival.  “Yes, sir, I am in no especial hurry.  “Then sit down, and—you may look at this, handing him the last copy of _Puck_.
I hitherto believ’d my Flame was guided By perfect Reason: so we often find Vessels conducted by a peaceful Wind, And meet no opposition in their way, Cut a safe passage through the flattering Sea: But when a Storm the bounding Vessel throws, It does each way with equal rage oppose; For when the Seas are mad, could that be calm Like me, it wou’d be ruin’d in the Storm.
The usual crowd hemmed us in on all sides, yelling, “Min, min! (“Ride, ride!), which took the place of the Turkish refrain of “Bin, bin! As we rode toward the caravansary they shouted, “Faster, faster! and when we began to distance them, they caught at the rear wheels, and sent a shower of stones after us, denting our helmets, and bruising our coatless backs.
To SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state visit http://www.gutenberg.org/fundraising/donate  While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who approach us with offers to donate.
Marry come up, for a stinking Knight; worse than I have gone down with you, e’er now--Sixty Years ago, quoth ye--As old as I am-- I live without Surgeons, wear my own Hair, am not in Debt to my Taylor, as thou art, and art fain to kiss his Wife, to persuade her Husband to be merciful to thee--who wakes thee every Morning with his Clamour and long Bills, at thy Chamber-door.
So it happened that I was turned out in my old age from the farm and the home that had been mine for twenty-five years, and in the end I was sent to the poorhouse.  “Then he brought all this upon you?  “Yes.  “Do you know what he is now?  “He tells me he is in business.  “His business is carried on at the gambling house, so my young friend here assures me.
The Influence of the Classical Rhetorics   A more explicit influence on the renaissance belief that the function of poetry is to improve social morality is readily seen in the definitions of poetry which have already been quoted from Lombardus and Varchi, who formulated their definitions of poetry by combining Aristotle's definition of tragedy with his definition of rhetoric.
Miss Dolby is a very sociable lady, and if you are willing to hear her talk she will be content.  “She will keep me from feeling lonesome.  When Mr. Gardener left the house, Chester said: “All things seem to be working in aid of my plans, mother, I feel much more comfortable now that you will have company.  “Besides, Chester, you will not need to send me any money.
If any one holds of us by fee-farm, by socage, or by burgage, and holds also land of another lord by knight’s service, we will not (by reason of that fee-farm, socage, or burgage) have the wardship of the heir, or of such land of his as is of the fief of that other; nor shall we have wardship of that fee-farm, socage, or burgage, unless such fee-farm owes knight’s service.
Yet in her low, sweet voice she sang the alto to the hymns, right to the vesper:  “Lord keep us safe this night Secure from all our fears, May angels guard us while we sleep Till morning light appears—   As she sang her alto, and as the soft and emotional harmony of the vesper swelled luxuriously through the chapel, she was peeping over her folded hands at Lottie’s hat.
These, as well as rice balls, boiled with a peculiar dry date in a triangular corn-leaf wrapper, we purchased every morning at daybreak from the pots of the early street-venders, and then proceeded to the local bake-shops, where the rattling of the rolling-pins prophesied of stringy fat cakes cooked in boiling linseed oil, and heavy dough biscuits cleaving to the urn-like oven.
You got five dollars, didn’t you?  “Yes.  “I will try and get six when Mr. Fairchild gets back.  “I wish you success.  “You don’t feel any grudge against me for taking your place?  “No; it wasn’t you who got me discharged.  “I thought you’d be in to get a letter of recommendation from cousin David.  “Would he give me one?  “I don’t know.
Away, Girls, away, and steal the Bride to Bed; they have a deal to do upon their Wedding-nights; and what with the tedious Ceremonies of dressing and undressing, the smutty Lectures of the Women, by way of Instruction, and the little Stratagems of the young Wenches --odds bobs, a Man’s cozen’d of half his Night: Come, Gentlemen, one Bottle, and then--we’ll toss the Stocking.
The room is discovered to be richly adorned with costly hangings and pictures, ablaze with lights, and presently, after various masqueraders have appeared dressed as the astronomers Keplair and Galileus, as the different signs of the zodiac, and in other fantastic garbs, Cinthio and Charmante are seen in a silver chariot like a half-moon, attended by a train of heroes and amorini.
Their forms, snows, and glaciers are       insurmountable obstacles: the distance being so great from the       commencement of the icy region to the highest points, cold alone       would be the destruction of any one who had the hardihood to       persevere.                                  TRANSCRIBER’S NOTE   The list of illustrations has been added in the electronic text.
The sun came on to the market at about nine o’clock, and then, from the terrace of the town gate, Alvina looked down on the wonderful sight of all the coloured dresses of the peasant women, the black hats of the men, the heaps of goods, the squealing pigs, the pale lovely cattle, the many tethered asses—and she wondered if she would die before she became one with it altogether.
I shall be glad to see you all dispos’d of well; but I was half afraid, your Brother would have married Mrs. _Celinda Friendlove_, to whom he made notable Love in _Yorkshire_ I thought: not but she’s a fine Lady; but her Fortune is below that of my young Master’s, as much as my Lady _Diana’s_ is above his--But see, they come; let us retire, to give ‘em leave to talk alone.
I humbly beg your Majesty’s consent to’t, If you believe _Alcippus_ worthy of it; The generous Youth I have bred up to Battles, Taught him to overcome, and use that Conquest As modestly as his submissive Captive, His Melancholy, (but his easy Fetters) To meet Death’s Horrors with undaunted looks: How to despise the Hardships of a Siege; To suffer Cold and Hunger, want of Sleep.
Oh, they are evil people, evil against one another, against everybody but strangers who don’t know them—  Alvina felt the curious passion in Pancrazio’s voice, the passion of a man who has lived for many years in England and known the social confidence of England, and who, coming back, is deeply injured by the ancient malevolence of the remote, somewhat gloomy hill-peasantry.
And this one thing I will venture to say, though against my Nature, because it has a Vanity in it: That had the Plays I have writ come forth under any Mans Name, and never known to have been mine; I appeal to all unbyast Judges of Sense, if they had not said that Person had made as many good Comedies, as any one Man that has writ in our Age; but a Devil on’t the Woman damns the Poet.
I know it, Sir, I know it, and that thou art as false as she: Was’t not a Covenant between us, that neither shou’d take advantage of the other, but both shou’d have fair play, and yet you basely went to undermine me, and ask her of the Doctor; but since she’s gone, I scorn to quarrel for her--But let’s like loving Brothers, hand in hand, leap from some Precipice into the Sea.
Such a serious person was Rudolph Agricola, who, in his treatise on logic, accepted the mediaeval tradition that rhetoric was concerned only with smoothness and ornament of speech and all that went toward captivating the ears, and straightway picked up all the serious purpose and thoughtful content of classical rhetoric which mediaeval rhetoric had abandoned, to hand them over to logic.
“They go to every house.  And sure enough, when Alvina went down, in the cold, silent house, and out to the well in the still crumbling snow, she heard the sound far off, strange, yelling, wonderful: and the same ache for she knew not what overcame her, so that she felt one might go mad, there in the veiled silence of these mountains, in the great hilly valley cut off from the world.
The Poetes were wisemen, and   wished in hart the redresse of things, the which when for feare, they   durst not openly rebuke, they did in colours painte them out, and tolde   men by shadowes what they should doe in good sooth, or els because the   wicked were unworthy to heare the trueth, they spake so that none might   understand but those unto whom they please to utter their meaning.
How, her Father here to morrow, and here he says, that shall be the last Moment, he will defer the Marriage of _Celinda_ to this Sot-- Oh God, I shall grow mad, and so undo ‘em all--I’ll kill the Villain at the Altar--By my lost hopes, I will--And yet there is some left--Could I but--speak to her--I must rely on _Dresswell’s_ Friendship--Oh God, to morrow--Can I endure that thought?
In the Preface he says: ‘The Plot was not Originally my own: But so alter’d by me, (whether for better or worse, I know not) that, whoever the Author was, he could not have challeng’d a Scene of it.’ So vast, indeed, is the library of the Spanish Theatre that it has not as yet been identified, a task which in view of the author’s own statement may well be deemed nigh impossible.
“The brothers of Pacohuila are your brothers.  One by one they went to her and each one laid the back of her fingers against his forehead, saying in turn:  “I am your brother Mondagua, Allaye!  “I am your brother Atonquois, Allaye!  “I am your brother Walgatchka, Allaye, best brother, you know— So spoke Geoffrey, looking at her with large, almost solemn eyes of affection.
Shaw, I know as well as your self what you wou’d say now; you wou’d assure me I am sole Master of your House, and may command; that you are heartily glad to see me at _Cadiz_, and that you desire I wou’d resolve upon a Week’s stay, or so; that you’ll spare nothing for my entertainment: why, I know all this, and therefore pray take my word, good Father-in-Law, without any more ado.
I did it, I did it; she swooned at the News, shut her self up a whole Month in her Chamber; but I presented high: she sigh’d and wept, and swore she’d never marry: still I presented; she hated, loathed, spit upon me; still, adod, I presented, till I presented my self effectually in Church to her; for she at last wisely considered her Vows were cancell’d, since _Bellmour_ was hang’d.
Among other topics he mentioned the receipt, a few days before, of a peculiar telegram from the Shah: “Cut off the head of any one who attempts opposition to the Tobacco Regie; and this was followed a few days after by the inquiry, “How many heads have you taken? A retinue of about three hundred courtiers followed the governor as he walked out with feeble steps to the parade-ground.
--I confess I am, as you may see by my Garb, Sir, a little _Incognito_, because the publick Message I bring is very private--which is, that the mighty _Iredonozor_, Emperor of the Moon, with his most worthy Brother, the Prince of _Thunderland_, intend to sup with you to Night.--Therefore be sure you get good Wine.--Though by the way let me tell you, ‘tis for the sake of your fair Daughter.
Pox on’t, this Change will spoil our making Love, We must be sad, and follow the Court-Mode: My life on’t, you’ll see desperate doings here; The Eagle will not part so with his Prey; _Erminia_ was not gain’d so easily, To be resign’d so tamely.--But come, my Lord, This will not satisfy our appetites, Let’s in to Dinner, and when warm with Wine, We shall be fitter for a new Design.
And so I had; for I did nothing but admire its Handy-work, but I cou’d not have pray’d heartily, if I had been dying; but a duce on’t, who shou’d come in and spoil all but my Lover _Charmante_, so dress’d, so gallant, that he drew together all the scatter’d fragments of my Heart, confin’d my wandering Thoughts, and fixt ‘em all on him: Oh, how he look’d, how he was dress’d!
LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the Right of Replacement or Refund described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.
LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the Right of Replacement or Refund described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.
So is that honny-flowing Matron Eloquence apparalled, or rather   disguised, in a Curtizan-like painted affectation: one time with so   farre fette words, they seem monsters, but must seem strangers to any   poore English man, another tyme with coursing of a Letter as if they   were bound to follow the method of a Dictionary; another tyme, with   figures and flowers extreamelie winter-starved.
LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the Right of Replacement or Refund described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.
Woo related it—how they were subsequently accused of cutting off their queues and becoming denationalized; how, in consequence, they were recalled to their native land, and degraded rather than elevated, both by the people and the government, because they were foreign in their sentiments and habits; and how, at last, they gradually began to force recognition through the power of merit alone.
“I want to thank you for not exposing my past misdeeds.  “I hope, Mr. Mullins, you did not think me mean enough to do so.  “I am sorry to say that according to my sad experience eight out of ten would have done so, especially if they had reason, like you, to complain of personal ill treatment.  “I don’t believe in persecuting a man.  “I wish all were of your way of thinking.
Here we are then: a vast substratum of colliers; a thick sprinkling of tradespeople intermingled with small employers of labour and diversified by elementary schoolmasters and nonconformist clergy; a higher layer of bank-managers, rich millers and well-to-do ironmasters, episcopal clergy and the managers of collieries, then the rich and sticky cherry of the local coal-owner glistening over all.
Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
* All fines that have been given to us unjustly and against the law of the land, and all fines that we have exacted unjustly, shall be entirely remitted or the matter decided by a majority judgement of the twenty-five barons referred to below in the clause for securing the peace together with Stephen, archbishop of Canterbury, if he can be present, and such others as he wishes to bring with him.
If anyone holding of some escheat (such as the honor of Wallingford, Nottingham, Boulogne, Lancaster, or of other escheats which are in our hands and are baronies) shall die, his heir shall give no other relief, and perform no other service to us than he would have done to the baron if that barony had been in the baron’s hand; and we shall hold it in the same manner in which the baron held it.
Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
Our speed was not slow, and frequently the poor fellow would have to resort to the whip, or shout, “Slowly, gentlemen, my horse is tired; the town is not far away, it is not necessary to hurry so. The fact is that in all our experience we found no horse of even the famed Kirghiz or Turkoman breed that could travel with the same ease and rapidity as ourselves even over the most ordinary road.
it is enough to spoil a Man’s Appetite, the very naming on’t--By Fortune, thou hast been bred with thy great Grand-mother, some old Queen _Elizabeth_ Lady, that us’d to preach Warnings to young Maidens; but had she liv’d in this Age, she wou’d have repented her Error, especially had she seen the Sum that I offer thee--Come, let’s in, by Fortune, I’m so vigorous, I shall ravish else.
Ay, ay, Madam, to the Comfort of many a hoping Coxcomb: but _Lette_,--Rogue _Lette_--thou wo’t not make me free o’th’ City a second time, wo’t thou entice the Rogues with the Twire and the wanton Leer --the amorous Simper that cries, come, kiss me--then the pretty round Lips are pouted out--he, Rogue, how I long to be at ‘em!--well, she shall never go to Church more, that she shall not.
For my own part, I never presume to contemplate your Lordship, but my Soul bows with a perfect Veneration to your Mighty Mind; and while I have ador’d the delicate Effects of your uncommon Wit, I have wish’d for nothing more than an Opportunity of expressing my infinite Sense of it; and this Ambition, my Lord, was one Motive of my present Presumption in Dedicating this Farce to your Lordship.
_The Debauchee_ (1677), Act ii, I: Mrs. Saleware speaks of buying ‘fine clothes, and tours, and Points and knots.’ _The Younger Brother_ (1696), Act v, the last scene, old Lady Youthly anxiously asks her maid, ‘is not this Tour too brown?’ During the reign of Mary II and particularly in the time of Anne a Tower meant almost exclusively the high starched head-dress in vogue at that period.
Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
I have commenced my duties there.  “I hope you find them agreeable.  “I might, sir, but that the bookkeeper seems to have taken a dislike to me.  “I suspect that you would like better to devote yourself to art work.  “I think I should, sir, but Mr. Conrad thinks it better that I should only devote my leisure to drawing.  “No doubt his advice is wise, for the present, at least.
Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation  Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
Yes, Madam, so has every Galley Slave, That knows his Toil, but not his Recompence: To morrow I expect no more content, Than this uneasy Day afforded me; And all before me is but one grand piece Of endless Grief and Madness: --You, Madam, taught _Erminia_ to be cruel, A Vice without your aid she could have learnt; And now to exercise that new taught Art, She tries the whole experience on my Heart.
I s’pose you was sorry to hear that Miss Dolby had gone away?  “No, I want mother to have a few months’ rest.  “Your mother’ll miss her board.  “No, for I shall make it up to her.  “You talk as if you was rich, Chester.  “I am not so rich as you, Mr. Tripp.  “You seem to be spending more money; some day you’ll be put to it to get along.  But that has not yet come.
If any one holding of some escheat (such as the honor of Wallingford, Nottingham, Boulogne, Lancaster, or of other escheats which are in our hands and are baronies) shall die, his heir shall give no other relief, and perform no other service to us than he would have done to the baron, if that barony had been in the baron’s hand; and we shall hold it in the same manner in which the baron held it.
Your Pardon, sweet _Sharp_, my whole Design in it is to be Master of my self, and with part of her Portion to set up my Miss, _Betty Flauntit_; which, by the way, is the main end of my marrying; the rest you’ll have your shares of--Now I am forc’d to take you up Suits at treble Prizes, have damn’d Wine and Meat put upon us, ‘cause the Reckoning is to be book’d: But ready Money, ye Rogues!
LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right of Replacement or Refund described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.
She thinks country air will be more favorable to her health than the city.  “Probably she is used to better accommodations than she would find here.  “My cousin will be satisfied with a modest home.  “We have but two chambers, mine and Chester’s.  “But you know, mother, I am going to New York to work.  “That’s true; your room will be vacant.  Mr. Gardener looked surprised.
LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right of Replacement or Refund described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.
With reading foolish Books, _Lucian’s Dialogue of the Lofty Traveller_, who flew up to the Moon, and thence to Heaven; an heroick Business, call’d _The Man in the Moon_, if you’ll believe a _Spaniard_, who was carried thither, upon an Engine drawn by wild Geese; with another Philosophical Piece, _A Discourse of the World in the Moon_; with a thousand other ridiculous Volumes, too hard to name.
Dryden’s Epilogue spoken by Hart when _The Silent Woman_ was played before the University of Oxford in 1673:--      Th’ _Italian_ Merry-Andrews took their place,     And quite debauch’d the Stage with lewd Grimace:     Instead of Wit and Humours, your Delight     Was there to see two Hobby-horses fight,     Stout _Scaramoucha_ with Rush Lance rode in,     And ran a Tilt at Centaure _Arlequin_.
I am going to Mrs. Cowley’s new play, which I suppose is as _instructive_ as the _Marriage of Figaro_, for I am told it approaches to those of Mrs. Behn in spartan delicacy; but I shall see Miss Farren, who, in my poor opinion, is the first of all actresses.’ Writing three days later to the same lady he has: ‘_The Greybeards_ have certainly been chastised, for we did not find them at all gross.
LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES — Except for the “Right of Replacement or Refund described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.
Not if I can help it, Sir,--the Honour you have done me in your Friendship to me, a Person so much above me in Title and Birth, makes me think it my Duty to conceal no part of my Heart to you,--Know then this _Isabella_, Daughter to old _Francisco_, and your Cuckold that shall be I hope, is, though fair, most ridiculously proud, vain and fantastical; as all of her Birth and Education, grown rich, are.
Dear Brother, you out-run your Patience still, We’ll neither die our selves, nor others kill; Something I’ll do that shall thy joys restore, And bring thee back that health thou had’st before; --We’re now expected at the Banquet, where I’d have thy Eyes more Love than Anger wear: This night be cheerful, and on me depend, On me, that am thy Sister, and thy Friend: A little raise _Alcippus’.
“Yes.  “Where is it?  “In the office of a new paper.  “What is it?  “_The Phoenix_, a comic paper just started.  “Where is the office?  “In Nassau Street.  “Then why are you not there?  “I don’t have to be there all the time.  “Do you get good pay?  “Yes.  “How much?  “I get more than I did at the real estate office.  “You don’t say!  “Yes.
Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain Defects, such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.
Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain Defects, such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.
Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain Defects, such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.
And if any one die indebted to the Jews, his wife shall have her dower and pay nothing of that debt; and if any children of the deceased are left underage, necessaries shall be provided for them in keeping with the holding of the deceased; and out of the residue the debt shall be paid, reserving, however, service due to feudal lords; in like manner let it be done touching debts due to others than Jews.
And if anyone die indebted to the Jews, his wife shall have her dower and pay nothing of that debt; and if any children of the deceased are left under age, necessaries shall be provided for them in keeping with the holding of the deceased; and out of the residue the debt shall be paid, reserving, however, service due to feudal lords; in like manner let it be done touching debts due to others than Jews.
Their ignorance of its source of motive power often prompted them to name it the “self-moving cart, just as the natives of Shanghai are wont to call the electric-light “the self-coming moon.  In one out-of-the-way village of northwestern China, we were evidently taken for some species of centaurs; the people came up to examine us while on the wheel to see whether or no rider and wheel were one.
I hope you do not doubt that Doctrine, Sir, which holds that the Four Elements are peopled with Persons of a Form and Species more divine than vulgar Mortals--those of the fiery Regions we call the _Salamanders_, they beget Kings and Heroes, with Spirits like their Deietical Sires; the lovely Inhabitants of the Water, we call Nymphs; those of the Earth are Gnomes or Fairies; those of the Air are Sylphs.
Most possible, Sir; they will court you, their whole delight is to immortalize--_Alexander_ was begot by a Salamander, that visited his Mother in the form of a Serpent, because he would not make King _Philip_ jealous; and that famous Philosopher _Merlin_ was begotten on a Vestal Nun, a certain King’s Daughter, by a most beautiful young Salamander; as indeed all the Heroes, and Men of mighty Minds are.
I might through great Pusillanimity, blush to give you this Anxiety, did not I opine you were as gracious as communicative and eminent; and though you have no Cognisance of me, your humble Servant,--yet I have of you,--you being so gravely fam’d for your admirable Skill both in Galenical and Paracelsian _Phaenomena’s_, and other approv’d Felicities in Vulnerary Emeticks, and purgative Experiences.
We will do toward Alexander, King of Scots, concerning the return of his sisters and his hostages, and concerning his franchises, and his right, in the same manner as we shall do toward our other barons of England, unless it ought to be otherwise according to the charters which we hold from William his father, formerly King of Scots; and this shall be according to the judgment of his peers in our court.
Yes, I would marry him, though our scanty Fortune Cou’d only purchase us A lonely Cottage, in some silent Place, All cover’d o’er with Thatch, Defended from the Outrages of Storms By leafless Trees, in Winter; and from Heat, With Shades, which their kind Boughs wou’d bear anew; Under whose Covert we’d feed our gentle Flock, That shou’d in gratitude repay us Food, And mean and humble Clothing.
Tashkend has long been known as a refuge for damaged reputations and shattered fortunes, or “the official purgatory following upon the emperor’s displeasure. One of the finest houses of the city is occupied by the Grand Duke Nicholai Constantinovitch Romanoff, son of the late general admiral of the Russian navy, and first cousin to the Czar, who seems to be cheerfully resigned to his life in exile.
After that, Sir Roger _L’Estrange_ read it and licens’d it, and found no such Faults as ‘tis charg’d with: Then Mr. _Killigrew_, who more severe than any, from the strict Order he had, perus’d it with great Circumspection; and lastly the Master Players, who you will I hope in some Measure esteem Judges of Decency and their own Interest, having been so many Years Prentice to the Trade of Judging.
We will do towards Alexander, king of Scots, concerning the return of his sisters and his hostages, and concerning his franchises, and his right, in the same manner as we shall do towards our other barons of England, unless it ought to be otherwise according to the charters which we hold from William his father, formerly king of Scots; and this shall be according to the judgment of his peers in our court.
Thus it was very natural that the discussions of artistic prose in the treatises of the later rhetoricians should be copiously illustrated by quotations from the poets, and that the poets should, in turn, be influenced in the direction of further sophistical niceties by the rhetorical treatises on style, such as those of Demetrius and Dionysius of Halicarnassus, who devoted whole treatises to style alone.
As for the young Fellows that have Money, they have no Mercy upon their own Persons, but wearing Nature off as fast as they can, Swear, and Whore and Drink, and borrow as long as any Rooking Citizen will lend till, having dearly purchased the heroick Title of a Bully or a Sharper, they live pity’d of their Friends, and despis’d by their Whores, and depart this Transitory World, diverse and sundry ways.
Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain “Defects, such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.
Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain “Defects, such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.
Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain “Defects, such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.
I’d have you to know I merit her: And as for Leudness, I name no body, _Bellmour_--but only some have the Art of hiding it better than I--but for Whoring, Drinking, Dicing, and all the deadly Sins that thereupon depend, I thank my Stars, I come short of you: And since you say, I shall not have your Sister, by Fortune, I will have your Sister, and love your Sister, and lie with your Sister, inspite of you.
Brave Youth, whose Infant years did bring us Conquests; And as thou grew’st to Man, thou grew’st in Glory, And hast arriv’d to such a pitch of it, As all the slothful Youth that shall succeed thee, Shall meet reproaches of thy early Actions: When Men shall say, thus did the brave _Alcippus_; And that great Name shall every Soul inspire With Emulation to arrive at something, That’s worthy of Example.
The one side of this, which is somewhat more Orient of Colour than the other, being clapt to the bare skin of a man, in any part of his body, it taketh away from it all weight or ponderousness; whereas turning the other side it addeth force unto the attractive beams of the Earth, either in this world or that, and maketh the body to weigh half so much again as it did before.’  p. 446 _Guzman of Salamanca_.
“Why, I didn’t think they paid more’n a quarter apiece for such pictures.  “It’s lucky for me that they pay higher than that.  “What was you doin’ out West?  “I went partly to see the country.  “I s’pose it cost you considerable money?  “Yes, traveling is expensive.  “You’d better have put the money in the bank.  “I don’t think so.  “Boys have foolish notions.
He crouched and probed and pierced with his pen-knife, till a country-policeman in a high helmet like a jug saw him, got off his bicycle and came stealthily across the grass wheeling the same bicycle, and startled poor Mr. May almost into apoplexy by demanding behind him, in a loud voice:  “What’re you after?  Mr. May rose up with flushed face and swollen neck-veins, holding his pen-knife in his hand.
In Sir William Barclay’s _The Lost Lady_ (folio 1639), a good, if intricate, tragi-comedy, which was received with applause after the Restoration [Pepys saw it 19 January, 1661, and again, rather more than a week later, on the 28th of the same month], and not forgotten by Buckingham when he penned _The Rehearsal_, Milesia (supposed dead), the wife of Lysicles, appears to her husband as a ghost --Act v, sc.
Come my brave Youths, we’ll toil our selves with Joys, And when we’re weary of the lazy play, We’ll search abroad to find new Conquests out, And get fresh Appetites to new Delights: It will redouble your vast stock of Courage, And make th’uneasy Humour light and gentle; When you remember even in heat of Battle, That after all your Victories and Spoil, You’ll meet calm Peace at home in soft Embraces.
And this, then, was the land where, as the poets say, “the nightingale sings, and the rose-tree blossoms, and where “a flower is crushed at every step! More truth, we thought, in the Scotch traveler’s description, which divides Persia into two portions—“One desert with salt, and the other desert without salt. In time we came to McGregor’s opinion as expressed in his description of Khorassan.
Is this all the thanks I have for my kindness, for patching, borrowing and shifting for you; ‘twas but last Week I pawn’d my best Petticoat, as I hope to wear it again, it cost me six and twenty shillings besides Making; then this Morning my new _Norwich_ Mantua followed, and two postle Spoons, I had the whole dozen when you came first; but they dropt, and dropt, till I had only _Judas_ left for my Husband.
And the agony of being alone, the agony of grief, passionate, passionate grief for her darling who was torn into death—the agony of self-reproach, regret; the agony of remembrance; the agony of the looks of the dying woman, winsome, and sinisterly accusing, and pathetically, despairingly appealing—probe after probe of mortal agony, which throughout eternity would never lose its power to pierce to the quick!
The _Metamorphoses_ of Ovid, for instance,    though it consisted of fayned Fables for the most part, and poeticall   inventions, yet being moralized according to his meaning, and the trueth   of every tale beeing discovered, it is a worke of exceeding wysedome and   sounde judgment [and the rest of his writings] are mixed with much good   counsayle and profitable lessons, if they be wisely and narrowly   read.
Satire was first invented to administer direct rebuke of evil, comedy to amend the manners of common men by discipline and example, tragedy to show the mutability of fortune and the just punishment of God in revenge of a vicious and evil life, pastoral to inform moral discipline, for the amendment of man's behavior, or to insinuate or glance at greater matters under the veil of rustic persons and rude speeches.
With the cash on hand, and the proceeds of the camera, sold for more than half its weight in silver, four and one third pounds, we thought we had sufficient money to carry us, or, rather, as much as we could carry, to that point; for the weight of the Chinese money necessary for a journey of over three thousand miles was, as the Russian consul thought, one of the greatest of our almost insurmountable obstacles.
The guardian, moreover, so long as he has the wardship of the land, shall keep up the houses, parks, fishponds, stanks, mills, and other things pertaining to the land, out of the issues of the same land; and he shall restore to the heir, when he has come to full age, all his land, stocked with ploughs and wainage, according as the season of husbandry shall require, and the issues of the land can reasonable bear.
It shall be lawful in future for anyone (excepting always those imprisoned or outlawed in accordance with the law of the kingdom, and natives of any country at war with us, and merchants, who shall be treated as if above provided) to leave our kingdom and to return, safe and secure by land and water, except for a short period in time of war, on grounds of public policy- reserving always the allegiance due to us.
So would she for your Title, were you deform’d, and had no shape of Man about you; but me, because a little Citizen and Merchant, she so reviles, calling me base Mechanick, saucy Fellow; and wonders where I got the Impudence to speak of Love to her--in fine, I am resolved to be reveng’d on all her Pride and Scorn; by Heav’n, I will invent some dire Revenge:--I’m bent upon’t, and will about it instantly.
***END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ACROSS ASIA ON A BICYCLE***                                     CREDITS   January 29, 2010              Project Gutenberg TEI edition 1             Produced by the Bookworm and the Online Distributed             Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This book was             produced from scanned images of public domain material from             the Google Print project.)
I have been at the Chapel, and seen so many Beaus, such a number of Plumeys, I cou’d not tell which I should look on most; sometimes my Heart was charm’d with the gay Blonding, then with the melancholy Noire, anon the amiable Brunet; sometimes the bashful, then again the bold; the little now, anon the lovely tall: In fine, my Dear, I was embarass’d on all sides, I did nothing but deal my Heart _tout autour_.
I ain’t had a bit to eat since yesterday.  “I have no money to give you, but if you will come to our house I’ll give you some supper.  “Where do you live?  “About five minutes’ walk.  “Go ahead, then; I’m with you.  Mrs. Rand looked up with surprise when the door opened and Chester entered, followed by an ill-looking tramp, whose clothes were redolent of tobacco, and his breath of whisky.
It shall be lawful in future for any one (excepting always those imprisoned or outlawed in accordance with the law of the kingdom, and natives of any country at war with us, and merchants, who shall be treated as is above provided) to leave our kingdom and to return, safe and secure by land and water, except for a short period in time of war, on grounds of public policy—reserving always the allegiance due to us.
Alvina admired the Jacobean sideboard and the Jacobean arm-chairs and the Hepplewhite wall-chairs and the Sheraton settee and the Chippendale stands and the Axminster carpet and the bronze clock with Shakespeare and Ariosto reclining on it—yes, she even admired Shakespeare on the clock—and the ormolu cabinet and the bead-work foot-stools and the dreadful Sèvres dish with a cherub in it and—but why enumerate.
Meanwhile Sir Feeble Fainwou’d, who just at the moment of entering the bridal chamber has been hurriedly fetched away by Bellmour under the pretext of an urgent message from Sir Cautious concerning some midnight plot and an outbreak in the city, arrives at the house in great terror, and Sir Cautious (not knowing the reason of so late a visit) and he sit opposite each other for a while, gaping and staring in amaze.
The Gods their Mercies will dispense,     In a more glorious Recompence;     A World of Blessings they’ve in store,     A World of Honours, Vict’ries more;     Thou shalt the Kingdom’s Darling be,     And Kings shall Homage pay to thee;     Thy Sword no bounds to Conquest set,     And thy Success that Sword shall whet;     Princes thy Chariot-wheel shall grace,     Whilst thou in Triumph bring’st home Peace.
* In cases where a Welshman was deprived or dispossessed of anything, without the lawful judgement of his equals, by our father King Henry or our brother King Richard, and it remains in our hands or is held by others under our warranty, we shall have respite for the period commonly allowed to Crusaders, unless a lawsuit had been begun, or an enquiry had been made at our order, before we took the Cross as a Crusader.
The guardian, moreover, so long as he has the wardship of the land, shall keep up the houses, parks, fishponds, stanks, mills, and other things pertaining to the land, out of the issues of the same land; and he shall restore to the heir, when he has come to full age, all his land, stocked with ploughs and “waynage, according as the season of husbandry shall require, and the issues of the land can reasonably bear.
In cases, however, where a man was deprived or dispossessed of something without the lawful judgement of his equals by our father King Henry or our brother King Richard, and it remains in our hands or is held by others under our warranty, we shall have respite for the period commonly allowed to Crusaders, unless a lawsuit had been begun, or an enquiry had been made at our order, before we took the Cross as a Crusader.
First of all for the litteral sence (as it were the utmost   barke or ryne) they set downe in manner of an historie the acts and   notable exploits of some persons worthie memorie: then in the same   fiction, as a second rine and somewhat more fine, as it were nearer to   the pith and marrow, they place the Morall sence profitable for the   active life of man, approving vertuous actions and condemning the   contrarie.
A widow, after the death of her husband, shall forthwith and without difficulty have her marriage portion and inheritance; nor shall she give anything for her dower, or for her marriage portion, or for the inheritance which her husband and she held on the day of the death of that husband; and she may remain in the house of her husband for forty days after his death, within which time her dower shall be assigned to her.
TO                               _THOSE AT HOME_                             WHOSE THOUGHTS AND                             WISHES WERE EVER                              WITH US IN OUR                                 WANDERINGS                                       PREFACE   This volume is made up of a series of sketches describing the most interesting part of a bicycle journey around the world,—our ride across Asia.
From this inglorious combat we came off without serious injury; but with those gentle poker taps were knocked out forever all the sweet delusions of the “Light of the Harem.  The great antiquity of this Teheran-Meshed road, which is undoubtedly a section of that former commercial highway between two of the most ancient capitals in history—Nineveh and Balk, is very graphically shown by the caravan ruts at Lasgird.
A widow, after the death of her husband, shall forthwith and without difficulty have her marriage portion and inheritance; nor shall she give anything for her dower, or for her marriage portion, or for the inheritance which her husband and she held on the day of the death of that husband; and she may remain in the house of her husband for fourty days after his death, within which time her dower shall be assigned to her.
“By the Manitou, he said, “the head of the bear Walgatchka is humble— here Geoffrey bowed his head—“his teeth are as soft as lilies— here he opened his mouth and put his finger on his small close teeth—“his hands are as soft as bees that stroke a flower— here he spread his hands and went and suddenly flopped on his knees beside Alvina, showing his hands and his teeth still, and rolling his eyes.
It is important, therefore, to review briefly what the classical writers meant by rhetoric and by poetic, and to trace the modifications which these terms underwent in post-classical times, in the middle ages, and in the renaissance, in order better to show that in the literary criticism of the English renaissance the theory of poetry contained many elements which historically derive from classical and mediaeval rhetoric.
Index    Abelard Aeschylus Aesop Agathon Agricola, Rudolph Alanus de Insulis Alciati Alcidamas Albucius Aldus Alfarabi Alstedius Anaxagoras Annaeus Florus Appian Apsinus Apthonius Apuleius Aristenetus Aristophanes Aristotle Aristides Ascham Athenagoras Augustine Averroes  Bacon, Francis Barclay, John Barton, John Basil the Great Bede Bokenham Boccaccio Bolton, Edmund Bornecque, Henri Boethius Brunetto Latini Butcher, S.H.
We ventured to ask some natives if they thought the Sultan had sufficient funds to consummate so gigantic a scheme, and they replied, with the deepest reverence: “God has given the Padishah much property and power, and certainly he must give him enough money to utilize it.  A week’s cycling from the Bosporus brought us beyond the Allah Dagh mountains, among the barren, variegated hills that skirt the Angora plateau.
It is no less our Admiration, to behold with what Serenity and perfect Conduct, that great Part of the Nations Business is carry’d on, by one single Person; who having to do with so vast Numbers of Men of all Qualitys, Interests, and Humours, nevertheless all are well satisfi’d, and none complain of Oppression, but all is done with Gentleness and Silence, as if (like the first Creator) you cou’d finish all by a Word.
_Know all ye Whigs and Tories of the Pit, (Ye furious Guelphs and Gibelins of Wit, Who for the Cause, and Crimes of Forty One So furiously maintain the Quarrel on) Our Author, as you’ll find it writ in Story, Has hitherto been a most wicked Tory; But now, to th’joy o’th’ Brethren be it spoken, Our Sister’s vain mistaken Eyes are open; And wisely valuing her dear Interest now, All-powerful Whigs, converted is to you.
It is a comic paper.  “And perhaps you put your friends in occasionally?  “Not friends exactly, but sometimes I sketch a face I meet in the street.  “You may use me whenever you want a representative of the wild and woolly West.  “Thank you, Mr. Wilson.  “But in that case you must send me a copy of the paper.  “I won’t forget it.  “How long are you staying in New York, Mr. Wilson? asked Edward.
_As Country Squire, who yet had never known The long-expected Joy of being in Town; Whose careful Parents scarce permitted Heir To ride from home, unless to neighbouring Fair; At last by happy Chance is hither led, To purchase Clap with loss of Maidenhead; Turns wondrous gay, bedizen’d to Excess; Till he is all Burlesque in Mode and Dress: Learns to talk loud in Pit, grows wily too, That is to say, makes mighty Noise and Show.
Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive                                 Foundation   Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
Title: The Magna Carta  Author: Anonymous  Release Date: October 15, 2003 [eBook #10000] [Most recently updated: December 20, 2021]  Language: English  Character set encoding: UTF-8  Produced by: Michael Hart  *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE MAGNA CARTA ***     The Magna Carta   Contents   The Text of Magna Carta  Magna Carta 1215  The text of THE MAGNA CARTA     A note from Michael Hart, preparer of the 0.1 version.
As monuments of two extreme events in this historic period, two spots might have attracted our attention—one right below us, the ruins of Artaxata, which, according to tradition, was built, as the story goes, after the plans of the roving conqueror Hannibal, and stormed by the Roman legions, A. D. 58; and farther away to the north, the modern fortress of Kars, which so recently reverberated with the thunders of the Turkish war.
So complaisant one pestilent Wit will be to another, and in the full Cry make his Noise too; but since ‘tis to the witty Few I speak, I hope the better Judges will take no Offence, to whom I am oblig’d for better Judgments; and those I hope will be so kind to me, knowing my Conversation not at all addicted to the Indecencys alledged, that I would much less practice it in a Play, that must stand the Test of the censoring World.
Further, in all matters, the execution of which is intrusted to these twenty-five barons, if perchance these twenty-five are present, that which the majority of those present ordain or command shall be held as fixed and established, exactly as if the whole twenty-five had concurred in this; and the said twenty-five shall swear that they will faithfully observe all that is aforesaid, and cause it to be observed with all their might.
No; but with Tears implores her Father daily, whene’er he speaks to her about my Passion; nor can I undeceive her, for indeed I have but feign’d a Love, (she living in the same house with _Julia_ whilst here at _Cadiz_) to get an opportunity with that dear, charming Creature; for, coming as a Brother, sure they’ll admit me kindly; nor will _Francisco_, who has heard of what has past ‘twixt me and _Julia_, suspect me any more.
The bicycle was adopted only because we considered it the most convenient means of accomplishing that purpose.  The viceroy, however, could not understand how a man should wish to use his own strength when he could travel on the physical force of some one else; nor why it was that we should adopt a course through central Asia and northwestern China when the southern route through India would have been far easier and less dangerous.
--Ah, my _Erminia_, might I hope at last To share the pity of that lovely Breast, By slow degrees I might approach that Throne, Where now the blest _Philander_ reigns alone: Perhaps in time my Passion might redeem That now too faithful Heart y’ave given to him; Do but forbear to hear his amorous Tales, Nor from his moving Eyes learn what he ails: A Fire that’s kindled cannot long survive, If one add nought to keep the flame alive.
Is your mother workin’?  “She is doing a little sewing, but she had no time for that with a sick man in the house.  “I don’t see what made you keep a man that was no kith or kin to you.  “Would you have had us put him into the street, Mr. Tripp?  “I’d have laid the matter before the selec’-men, and got him into the poorhouse.  “Well, it is all over now, and I’m not sorry that we cared for the poor fellow.
Gosson writes:    The right use of auncient poetrie was to have the notable exploytes of   worthy captaines, the holesome councels of good fathers and vertuous   lives of predecessors set down in numbers, and sung to the instrument at   solemne feastes, that the sound of the one might draw the hearers from   kissing the cup too often, and the sense of the other put them in minde   of things past, and chaulke out the way to do the like.
In journeying across the empire we found sufficient analogy in the various provincial dialects to enable us to acquire a smattering of one from another as we proceeded, but we were now unable to see any similarity whatever between “You makee walkee look see, and “You go and see, or between “That belong number one pidjin, and “That is a first-class business. This jargon has become a distinct dialect on the Chinese coast.
The first I lov’d was _Philocles_, and then Made Protestations ne’er to love again, Yet after left him for a faithless crime; But then I languisht even to death for him; --But Love who suffer’d me to take no rest, New fire-balls threw, the old scarce dispossest; And by the greater flame the lesser light, Like Candles in the Sun extinguished quite, And left no power _Alcander_ to resist, Who took, and keeps possession of my breast.
Alcippus, _you inform me true;     I am thus deify’d by you;     To you I owe this blest abode,     For I am happy as a God;     I only come to tell thee so,     And by that tale to end thy Woe;     Know, Mighty Sir, your Joy’s begun,     From what last night to me was done;     In vain you rave, in vain you weep,     For what the Gods must ever keep;     In vain you mourn, in vain deplore     A loss which tears can ne’er restore.
In answering the specific charges against poetry, that it is a waste of time, the mother of lies, the nurse of abuse, and rejected by Plato, Sidney asserts that a thing which moves men to virtue so effectively as poetry cannot be a waste of time; that since poetry pretends not to literal truth, it cannot lie,[391] that poetry does not abuse man's wit, but man's wit abuses poetry, for shall the abuse of a thing make the right use odious?
North of Peking, where this prodigious structure has a mean height of about twenty-six feet, and width of twenty feet, it is still in a state of perfect repair, whereas in many western districts along the Gobi frontier, as here before us, it is little more than an earthen rampart about fifteen feet in height, while for considerable distances, as along the road from Su-chou to Kan-chou, it has entirely disappeared for miles at a stretch.
I fly for sanctuary to your Arms; As yet none knows I live, but poor _Isillia_, Who bathing of my cold face with her tears, Perceiv’d some signs of life, and us’d what means Her Love and Duty did instruct her in; And I in half an hour was so reviv’d, As I had sense of all was past and done; And to prevent a death I yet might fear, If mad _Alcippus_ had return’d again, --Alone I came to you, where I could find Alone my Safety too.
The Defence of the first is left to the Reverend Gown, but the departing Stage can be no otherwise restor’d, but by some leading Spirits, so Generous, so Publick, and so Indefatigable as that of your Lordship, whose Patronages are sufficient to support it, whose Wit and Judgment to defend it, and whose Goodness and Quality to justifie it; such Encouragement wou’d inspire the Poets with new Arts to please, and the Actors with Industry.
He says:    Poesie is a part of Learning in measure of words for the most part   restrained, but in all other points extremely licensed, and doth truly   referre to the Imagination, which, beeing not tyed to the Lawes of   Matter, may at pleasure joyne that which Nature hath severed, & sever   that which Nature hath joyned, and so make all unlawful Matches &   divorses of things: It is taken in two senses in respect of Wordes or   Matter.
It is on the longest line drawn through the Old World from the Cape of Good Hope to Bering Strait; it is also on the line of the great deserts and inland seas stretching from Gibraltar to Lake Baikal in Siberia—a line of continuous depressions; it is equidistant from the Black and Caspian Seas and the Mesopotamian plain, which three depressions are now watered by three distinct river-systems emanating from Ararat’s immediate vicinity.
A well established society in Woodhouse, full of fine shades, ranging from the dark of coal-dust to grit of stone-mason and sawdust of timber-merchant, through the lustre of lard and butter and meat, to the perfume of the chemist and the disinfectant of the doctor, on to the serene gold-tarnish of bank-managers, cashiers for the firm, clergymen and such-like, as far as the automobile refulgence of the general-manager of all the collieries.
Truly, I know not; but they are young, and fine as Princes: two of ‘em were disguis’d in masking Habits last Night, but they have sent ’.m away this Morning, and they are free as Emperors--One of ‘em has lost a Thousand Pound at Play, and never repin’d at it; one’s a Knight, and I believe his Courage is cool’d, for he has ferreted my Maids over and over to Night--But ‘tis the fine, young, handsom Squire that I design you for.
Madam, that grief the better is sustain’d, That’s for a loss that never yet was gain’d; You only lose a man that does not know How great the honour is which you bestow; Who dares not hope you love, or if he did, Your Greatness would his just return forbid; His humble thoughts durst ne’er to you aspire, At most he would presume but to admire; Or if it chanc’d he durst more daring prove, You still must languish and conceal your Love.
Peace, Sister, do not urge it as a sin, Of which the Gods themselves have guilty been: The Gods, my Sister, do approve Revenge By Thunder, which th’.lmighty Ports unhinge, Such is their Lightning when poor Mortals fear, And Princes are the Gods inhabit here; Revenge has charms that do as powerful prove As those of Beauty, and as sweet as Love, The force of Vengeance will not be withstood, Till it has bath’d and cool’d it self in Blood.
Title: Chester Rand        or The New Path to Fortune  Author: Horatio Alger, Jr  Release Date: October 20, 2007 [eBook #23108] [Most recently updated: March 10, 2022]  Language: English  Character set encoding: UTF–8  Produced by: Produced by David Edwards and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from scans of public domain material produced by Microsoft for their Live Search Books site.)
Were this Fellow to be tried by a Jury of Women, I would not be in his Coat to lie with his Lady.--What shall I do to deliver this Letter?--Well, Sir, since I see you are so averse to what the Governor desires, I’ll return--but, Sir, I must tell you as a Friend, a Secret; that to a man of your temper may concern you;--Sir,--he’s resolv’d when he comes next to visit his Mistress, to make another visit to your Apartment, to your Lady too.
Then, Sir, when we have taken this old Fool, on whom the grossest cheat wou’d pass, much more this, which shall carry so seeming a Truth in’t, he being clapt under hatches in the Dark, we’ll wind round a League or two at Sea, turn in, and land at this Garden, Sir, of yours, which we’ll pretend to be a _Seraglio_, belonging to the _Grand Seignior_; whither, in this hot part o’th’ year, he goes to regale himself with his She-Slaves.
Title: The Lost Girl  Author: D. H. Lawrence  Release Date: December 3, 2007 [eBook #23727] [Most recently updated: October 15, 2022]  Language: English  Character set encoding: UTF-8  Produced by: Roger Frank, Roberta Staehlin, and the Project Gutenberg Online Distributed Proofreading Team  *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE LOST GIRL ***     The Lost Girl  By D. H. Lawrence  New York: Thomas Seltzer  1921     CONTENTS   CHAPTER I.
When a boy has learned his letters and is beginning to understand what   is written, as before he understood only what was spoken, they put into   his hands the works of great poets, which he reads sitting on a bench at   school; in these are contained many admonitions, and many tales, and   praises, and encomia of ancient famous men, which he is required to   learn by heart, in order that he may imitate them and desire to become   like them.
‘Tis well; and Sister, Whilst I persuade _Erminia_ to this flight, Make it your business to persuade the King, Hang on his neck, and kiss his willing cheek: Tell him how much you love him, and then smile, And mingle Words with Kisses; ‘twill o’ercome him Thou hast a thousand pretty Flatteries, Which have appeas’d his highest fits of Passion: A Song from thee has won him to that rest, Which neither Toil nor Silence could dispose him to.
After some intriguing between Harlequin and Scaramouch for the duenna’s hand, in the course of which the former disguises himself in female attire and again as a country lad, the latter as a learned apothecary, Charmante visits the doctor, and feigning to be a cabalist profound in occult lore, bids him prepare that night to receive Irednozor, monarch of the Moon, and the Prince of Thunderland who will appear to wed his daughter and his niece.
Well, ‘tis an endless trouble to have the Tuition of a Maid in love, here is such Wishing and Longing.--And yet one must force them to what they most desire, before they will admit of it--Here am I sent out a Scout of the Forlorn Hope, to discover the Approach of the Enemy--Well --Mr. _Bellmour_, you are not to know, ‘tis with the Consent of _Celinda_, that you come--I must bear all the blame, what Mischief soever comes of these Night-Works.
‘Note,’ continues the record, ‘In this play, Mr. Otway the poet having an inclination to turn actor; Mrs. Behn gave him the King in this play for a probation part, but he being not us’d to the stage, the full house put him to such a sweat and tremendous agony, being dash’d, spoilt him for an actor.’  To quote Mr. Gosse’s excellent and classic essay on Otway:--’The choice of the part showed the kindly tact of the shrewd Mrs. Behn.
Erminia_, e’er you boast of what you are, Since you’re so high I’ll tell you what you were: Your Father was our General ‘tis true, That Title justly to his Sword was due; ’.was nobly gain’d, and worth his Blood and Toils, Had he been satisfied with noble Spoils: But with that single honour not content, He needs must undermine the Government; And ‘cause h’ad gain’d the Army to his side, Believ’d his Treason must be justify’d.
Stay, Sir, e’er I part with more Money, I’ll be certain what returns ‘twill make me--that is, I’ll see the Wench, not to inform my self, how well I like her, for that I shall do, because she is new, and _Bellmour’s_ Sister--but to find what possibility there is in gaining her.--I am us’d to these things, and can guess from a Look, or a Kiss, or a Touch of the Hand--but then I warrant, ‘twill come to the knowledge of _Betty Flauntit_.
He adds:    Thus it appeareth both Eloquence and Poetrie to have had their beginning   and original from these exercises, beeing framed in such sweete measure   of sentences and pleasant harmonie called ῥυθμός which is an apt   composition of wordes or clauses, drawing as it were by force the hearers   eares even whether soever it lysteth, that _Plato_ affirmeth   therein to be contained γοητεία, an inchantment, as it were to   persuade.
Marry, Heavens forbid, thou art always creating Fears to startle one; why, if he be not mad, his want of Sleep this eight and forty hours, the Noise of strange unheard of Instruments, with the fantastick Splendour of the unusual Sight, will so turn his Brain and dazzle him, that in Grace and Goodness, he may be mad, if he be not;-- come, let’s after him to the Gallery, for I long to see in what showing Equipage our princely Lovers will address to us.
Royalty   payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project   Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in   Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg   Literary Archive Foundation.  * You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies   you in writing (or by email) within 30 days of receipt that s/he   does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm   License.
TO ALL FREE MEN OF OUR KINGDOM we have also granted, for us and our heirs for ever, all the liberties written out below, to have and to keep for them and their heirs, of us and our heirs:  (2) If any earl, baron, or other person that holds lands directly of the Crown, for military service, shall die, and at his death his heir shall be of full age and owe a ‘relief’, the heir shall have his inheritance on payment of the ancient scale of ‘relief’.
Thus at the end of Lacy’s _The Old Troop_ (31 July, 1668), we have ‘a dance of two hobby horses in armour, and a Jig.’ Also shortly before the epilogue in Shadwell’s _The Sullen Lovers_ (1668) we read, ‘Enter a Boy in the habit of Pugenello and traverses the stage, takes his chair and sits down, then dances a Jig.’  But it must be remembered that beside the common meaning there was a gloss upon the word derived from Elizabethan stage practice.
A resident of twenty years’ experience said: “In the lowest classes I have sometimes found truth, honesty, and gratitude; in the middle classes, seldom; in the highest, never. The corruptibility of the Turkish official is almost proverbial; but such is to be expected in the land where “the public treasury is regarded as a “sea, and “who does not drink of it, as a pig. Peculation and malversation are fully expected in the public official.
However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than Plain Vanilla ASCII or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website (www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original Plain Vanilla ASCII or other form.
* We shall have similar respite in rendering justice in connexion with forests that are to be disafforested, or to remain forests, when these were first aforested by our father Henry or our brother Richard; with the guardianship of lands in another persons fee, when we have hitherto had this by virtue of a fee held of us for knights service by a third party; and with abbeys founded in another persons fee, in which the lord of the fee claims to own a right.
However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than Plain Vanilla ASCII or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website (www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original Plain Vanilla ASCII or other form.
My Lord, I ask your pardon for my rudeness in not knowing you before, which I ought to have done in good manners I confess; who the Devil does he stare at so?--Wife, I command you to withdraw, upon pain of our high displeasure.--my Lord, I shall dispatch your affairs,--he minds me not,--Ay, ‘tis my Wife, I say, Minion, be gone,--your Bills, my Lord, are good, and I accept ‘em;--why a Devil he minds me not yet, [Julia _goes to t’other side to_ Carlos.]
However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than Plain Vanilla ASCII or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original Plain Vanilla ASCII or other form.
That afternoon the colliers trooping home in the winter afternoon were rejoiced with a spectacle: Kishwégin, in her deerskin, fringed gaiters and fringed frock of deerskin, her long hair down her back, and with marvellous cloths and trappings on her steed, riding astride on a tall white horse, followed by Max in chieftain’s robes and chieftain’s long head-dress of dyed feathers, then by the others in war-paint and feathers and brilliant Navajo blankets.
Those Lanthorn Jaws of yours, with that most villanous Sneer and Grin, and a certain fierce Air of your Eyes, looks altogether most fanatically--which with your notorious Whey Beard, are certain Signs of Knavery and Cowardice; therefore I’ad rather wed that Spider _Harlequin_, that Sceleton Buffoon, that Ape of Man, that Jack of Lent, that very Top, that’s of no use, but when ‘tis whip’d and lash’d, that piteous Property I’ad rather wed than thee.
I ask’d for Mr. _Wasteall_, and she began to open--and did so rail at him, that what with her _Billinsgate_, and her Husband’s hammers, I was both deaf and dumb--at last the hammers ceas’d, and she grew weary, and call’d down Mr. _Wasteall_; but he not answering--I was sent up a Ladder rather than a pair of Stairs; at last I scal’d the top, and enter’d the inchanted Castle; there did I find him, spite of the noise below, drowning his Cares in Sleep.
I shall give you a check for eighteen hundred dollars, and you will receive the money and come from the bank here.  “Yes, Cousin David.  “You will carry the parcel in the left-hand pocket of your sack coat, and if it is taken you can appear to be unconscious of it.  “Yes.  “And—that is all you will have to do, except to say that a tall, thin man—Ralston was short and sturdy—“jostled against you, and must have taken it.  “All right!
Inquests of novel disseisin, of mort d’ancester, and of darrein presentment, shall not be held elsewhere than in their own county courts and that in manner following,—We, or, if we should be out of the realm, our chief justiciar, will send two justiciars through every county four times a year, who shall, along with four knights of the county chosen by the county, hold the said assize in the county court, on the day and in the place of meeting of that court.
Inquests of novel disseisin, of mort d’ancestor, and of darrein presentment shall not be held elsewhere than in their own county courts, and that in manner following; We, or, if we should be out of the realm, our chief justiciar, will send two justiciaries through every county four times a year, who shall alone with four knights of the county chosen by the county, hold the said assizes in the county court, on the day and in the place of meeting of that court.
Hereabouts is the House wherein dwells the Mistress of my Heart; for she has Money, Boys, mind me, Money in abundance, or she were not for me--The Wench her self is good-natur’d, and inclin’d to be civil: but a Pox on’t--she has a Brother, a conceited Fellow, whom the World mistakes for a fine Gentleman; for he has travell’d, talks Languages, bows with a _bonne mine_, and the rest; but, by Fortune, he shall entertain you with nothing but Words--  _Sham_.
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Rhetoric and Poetry in the Renaissance by Donald Lemen Clark  *** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK RHETORIC AND POETRY ***  ***** This file should be named 10140-0.txt or 10140-0.zip ***** This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:         https://www.gutenberg.org/1/0/1/4/10140/  Produced by Distributed Proofreaders  Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will be renamed.
THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE   _Please read this before you distribute or use this work._  To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project Gutenberg), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg™ License (available with this file or online at http://www.gutenberg.org/license).
Don’t you know that your Father (according to the Method in such Cases, being certain of my Estate) came to me thus--Sir _Timothy Tawdrey_,--you are a young Gentleman, and a Knight, I knew your Father well, and my right worshipful Neighbour, our Estates lie together; therefore, Sir, I have a desire to have a near Relation with you--At which, I interrupted him, and cry’d--Oh Lord, Sir, I vow to Fortune, you do me the greatest Honour, Sir, and the rest--  _Bel_.
I’m sure as civil as he is, he helps him to steal my Gold, I doubt--and to be sure--Gentlemen, you say he’s a Gamester--I desire when he comes anon, that you wou’d propose to sport a Dye, or so--and we’ll fall to play for a Teaster, or the like--and if he sets any money, I shall go near to know my own Gold, by some remarkable Pieces amongst it; and if he have it, I’ll hang him, and then all his six hundred a Year will be my own, which I have in Mortgage.
Pepys, 8 February, 1663: ‘Another story was how Lady Castlemaine, a few days since, had Mrs. Stewart to an entertainment, and at night begun a frolique that they two must be married; and married they were, with ring and all other ceremonies of church service, and ribbands, and a sack posset in bed and flinging the stocking; but in the close it is said my Lady Castlemaine, who was the bridegroom, rose, and the King come and take her place.’  p. 224 _the Entry_.
His pictures were: “The Human Bird, which turned out to be a ski-ing film from Norway, purely descriptive; “The Pancake, a humorous film: and then his grand serial: “The Silent Grip. And then, for Turns, his first item was Miss Poppy Traherne, a lady in innumerable petticoats, who could whirl herself into anything you like, from an arum lily in green stockings to a rainbow and a Catherine wheel and a cup-and-saucer: marvellous, was Miss Poppy Traherne.
The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase Project Gutenberg appears, or with which the phrase Project Gutenberg is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed:  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.
No more your nice fantastick Pleasures serve, Your Pimps you pay, but let your Poets starve, They long in vain for better Usage hop’d, Till quite undone and tir’d, they dropt and dropt; Not one is left will write for thin third Day, Like desperate Pickeroons, no Prize no Pay; And when they have done their best, the Recompence Is, Damn the Sot, his Play wants common Sense, Ill-natured Wits, who can so ill requite The drudging Slaves, who for your Pleasure write.
START: FULL LICENSE  THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK  To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase Project Gutenberg), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license.
START: FULL LICENSE  THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK  To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase Project Gutenberg), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license.
Without on the Stage_, Philander _with his Sword half drawn, held by_ Galatea, _who looks ever on_ Alcippus: Erminia _still fixing her Eyes on_ Philander; Pisaro _passionately gazing on_ Galatea: Aminta _on_ Fallatio, _and he on her_: Alcander, Isillia, Cleontius, _in other several postures, with the rest, all remaining without motion, whilst the Musick softly plays; this continues a while till the Curtain falls; and then the Musick plays aloud till the Act begins_.
However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website (www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain Vanilla ASCII or other form.
However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain Vanilla ASCII or other form.
Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and      sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the      address specified in Section 4, “Information about donations to      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  - You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies      you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm      License.
START: FULL LICENSE  THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK  To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project Gutenberg), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license.
We ought of course to have said that no reasonable person in the world would ever think of putting any other country above the Celestial Empire; our bluntness elicited some surprise, for the viceroy said:  “If then you thought that America was the best why did you come to see other countries?  “Because until we had seen other countries, we replied, “we did not know that America was the best. But this answer the viceroy evidently considered a mere subterfuge.
The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg appears, or with which the phrase “Project Gutenberg is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed:  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.
If we have disseised or removed Welshmen from lands or liberties, or other things, without the legal judgment of their peers in England or in Wales, they shall be immediately restored to them; and if a dispute arise over this, then let it be decided in the marches by the judgment of their peers; for tenements in England according to the law of England, for tenements in Wales according to the law of Wales, and for tenements in the marches according to the law of the marches.
However, if you provide access to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII or other format used in the official version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ web site (http://www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain Vanilla ASCII or other form.
Lest his readers might fear that the arguments of the poet might lose some of their persuasive force from their being fictitious, Sidney hastens to add: For that a fayned example hath as much force to teach as a true example (for as for to moove, it is cleere, sith the fayned may be tuned to the highest key of passion);[388] and here he is drawing from Aristotle's _Rhetoric._[389] Through admiration of the noble persons of poetry, the reader is won to a desire for emulation.
For undoubtedly there is no one tale among all the Poetes, but under the   same is comprehended something that parteineth, either to the amendment   of maners, to the knowledge of the trueth to the setting forth of   Nature's work, or els the understanding of some notable thing done....   As Plutarch saieth: and likewise Basilius Magnus:[361] In the _Iliades_   are described strength, and valiantnesse of the bodie: In the _Odissea_   is set forth a lively paterne of the minde.
The Devil’s in’t, if either the Doctor, my Master, or _Mopsophil_, know me in this Disguise--And thus I may not only gain my Mistress, and out-wit _Harlequin_, but deliver the Ladies those Letters from their Lovers, which I took out of his Pocket this Morning; and who wou’d suspect an Apothecary for a Pimp?--Nor can the Jade _Mopsophil_, in Honour, refuse a Person of my Gravity, and so well set up.--                                                 [_Pointing to his Shop_.
If we have disseised or removed Welshmen from lands or liberties, or other things, without the legal judgment of their peers in England or in Wales, they shall be immediately restored to them; and if a dispute arise over this, then let it be decided in the marches by the judgment of their peers; for the tenements in England according to the law of England, for tenements in Wales according to the law of Wales, and for tenements in the marches according to the law of the marches.
The Abbot of _Aubignac_ to show that Plays have been ever held most important to the very Political Part of Government, says, The Phylosophy of _Greece_, and the Majesty and Wisdom of the Romans, did equally concern their Great Men in making them Venerable, Noble, and Magnificent: Venerable, by their Consecration to their Gods: Noble, by being govern’d by their chiefest Men; and their Magnificency was from the publick Treasury, and the liberal Contributions of their Noble Men.
Hum, his Majesty!--come, haste, _Francis_, I’ll away, and call _Ralph_, and the Footmen, and bid ‘em arm; each Man shoulder his Musket, and advance his Pike--and bring my Artillery Implements quick--and let’s away: Pupsey--b’u’., Pupsey, I’ll bring it a fine thing yet before Morning, it may be--let’s away: I shall grow fond, and forget the business of the Nation--Come, follow me, _Francis_.--                           [_Exit Sir_ Feeble, Bellmour _runs to_ Leticia.
Miss Pinnegar never lifted up her voice in household affairs: she seemed, by her silence, to admit her own inadequacy in culture and intellect, when topics of interest were being discussed, only coming out now and then with defiant platitudes and truisms—for almost defiantly she took the commonplace, vulgarian point of view; yet after everything she would turn with her quiet, triumphant assurance to James Houghton, and start on some point of business, soft, assured, ascendant.
*** START: FULL LICENSE ***  THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK  To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase Project Gutenberg), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at https://gutenberg.org/license).
Royalty payments       should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project Gutenberg       Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in Section 4,       “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary       Archive Foundation.      - You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies       you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he       does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™ License.
All evil customs connected with forests and warrens, foresters and warreners, sheriffs and their officers, river-banks and their wardens, shall immediately be inquired into in each county by twelve sworn knights of the same county chosen by the honest men of the same county, and shall, within forty days of the said inquest, be utterly abolished, so as never to be restored, provided always that we previously have intimation thereof, or our justiciar, if we should not be in England.
All evil customs connected with forests and warrens, foresters and warreners, sheriffs and their officers, river banks and their wardens, shall immediately by inquired into in each county by twelve sworn knights of the same county chosen by the honest men of the same county, and shall, within forty days of the said inquest, be utterly abolished, so as never to be restored, provided always that we previously have intimation thereof, or our justiciar, if we should not be in England.
O, your Viscountess never drinks under your Beer-glass, your Citizens Wives simper and sip, and will be drunk without doing Credit to the Treater; but in their Closets, they swinge it away, whole Slashes, i’faith, and egad, when a Woman drinks by her self, Glasses come thick about: your Gentlewoman, or your little Lady, drinks half way, and thinks in point of good manners, she must leave some at the bottom; but your true bred Woman of Honour drinks all, _Supernaculum_, by _Jove_.
‘Tis now much alter’d, and adapted to our English Theatre and Genius, who cannot find an Entertainment at so cheap a Rate as the French will, who are content with almost any Incoherences, howsoever shuffled together under the Name of a Farce; which I have endeavour’d as much as the thing wou’d bear, to bring within the compass of Possibility and Nature, that I might as little impose upon the Audience as I cou’d; all the Words are wholly new, without one from the Original.
When assured of the consent of our parents, and of our determination to make the attempt at all hazards, he picked up his pen and began a letter to the Chinese minister, remarking as he finished reading it to us, “I would much rather not have written it. The documents received from the Chinese minister in response to Mr. Lincoln’s letter proved to be indispensable when, a year and a half later, we left the last outpost of western civilization and plunged into the Gobi desert.
The next turn was The Baxter Brothers, who ran up and down each other’s backs and up and down each other’s front, and stood on each other’s heads and on their own heads, and perched for a moment on each other’s shoulders, as if each of them was a flight of stairs with a landing, and the three of them were three flights, three storeys up, the top flight continually running down and becoming the bottom flight, while the middle flight collapsed and became a horizontal corridor.
The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg appears, or with which the phrase “Project Gutenberg is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed:       This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with     almost no restrictions whatsoever.
*** START: FULL LICENSE ***  THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK  To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project Gutenberg), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at https://gutenberg.org/license).
This--thou art so sorry a Creature, thou wilt endure any thing for the lucre of her Fortune; ‘tis that thou hast a Passion for: not that thou carest for Money, but to sacrifice to thy Leudness, to purchase a Mistress, to purchase the Reputation of as errant a Fool as ever arriv’d at the Honour of keeping; to purchase a little Grandeur, as you call it; that is, to make every one look at thee, and consider what a Fool thou art, who else might pass unregarded amongst the common Croud.
The Reestablishment of the Classical Tradition   In concluding his authoritative study, _A History of Literary Criticism in the Renaissance_, Spingarn asserts that before the sixteenth century, Poetic theory had been nourished upon the rhetorical and oratorical treatises of Cicero, the moral treatises of Plutarch (especially those upon the reading of poets and the education of youth), the _Institutions Oratoriae_ of Quintilian, and the _De Legendis Gentilium Libris_ of Basil the Great.
For example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:       https://www.gutenberg.org/1/0/2/3/10234  or filename 24689 would be found at:      https://www.gutenberg.org/2/4/6/8/24689  An alternative method of locating eBooks:      https://www.gutenberg.org/GUTINDEX.ALL   ﻿The Project Gutenberg EBook of Across Asia on a Bicycle by Thomas Gaskell Allen and William Lewis Sachtleben    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.
But opportunity will not be kind to _Guzman_, as to the Grand _Bassa_; therefore, dear Rogue, let’s retire into these kind shades, or, if foolish Virtue be so squeamish, and needless Reputation so nice, that Mr. _Vicar_ must say _Amen_ to the bargain, there is an old lousy Frier, belonging to this _Villa_, that will give us a cast of his Office; for I am a little impatient about this business, Greatness having infus’d a certain itch in my Blood, which I felt not whilst a common Man.
SINCE WE HAVE GRANTED ALL THESE THINGS for God, for the better ordering of our kingdom, and to allay the discord that has arisen between us and our barons, and since we desire that they shall be enjoyed in their entirety, with lasting strength, for ever, we give and grant to the barons the following security:  * The barons shall elect twenty-five of their number to keep, and cause to be observed with all their might, the peace and liberties granted and confirmed to them by this charter.
If any of our earls or barons, or others holding of us in chief by military service shall have died, and at the time of his death his heir shall be full of age and owe “relief, he shall have his inheritance by the old relief, to wit, the heir or heirs of an earl, for the whole baroncy of an earl by L100; the heir or heirs of a baron, L100 for a whole barony; the heir or heirs of a knight, 100s, at most, and whoever owes less let him give less, according to the ancient custom of fees.
Discussing lyric poetry, Sidney says:    But truely many of such writings as come under the banner of   unresistable love, if I were a Mistres, would never perswade mee they   were in love; so coldely they apply fiery speeches, as men that had   rather red Lovers writings, and so caught up certaine swelling   phrases,... then that in truth they feele those passions, which easily   (as I think) may be bewrayed by that same forcibleness or _Energia_ (as   the Greeks call it), of the writer.
Come, come, Mistress, I got by the City, and I love and honour the City; I confess ‘tis the Fashion now-a-days, if a Citizen get but a little Money, one goes to building Houses, and brick Walls; another must buy an Office for his Son, a third hoists up his Daughter’s Topsail, and flaunts it away, much above her breeding; and these things make so many break, and cause the decay of Trading: but I am for the honest _Dutch_ way of breeding their Children, according to their Fathers Calling.
By Heaven, I’m so proud I cannot think my Revenge sufficient for Affronts, nor does her Birth, her Breeding and her Vanity--deserve a better Fortune; besides,--he has enough to set up for a modern Spark-- the Fool has just Wit and good Manners to pass for a Fop of Fashion; and, where he is not known, will gain the Reputation of a fine accomplish’d Gentleman,--yet I’m resolved she shall see him in his Geers, in his original Filthiness, that my Revenge may be home upon the foolish Jilt.
Our _Virgil_ dooth laboure, in telling as yt were a _Cantorburye tale_,   too ferret owt the secretes of _Nature_, with woordes so fitlye coucht,   wyth verses so smoothlye slyckte, with sentences so featlye ordered,   with orations so neatlie burnisht, with similitudes so aptly applyed,   with eeche _decorum_ so duely observed, as in truth hee hath in right   purchased too hym self thee name of a surpassing poet, thee fame of an   od oratoure, and thee admiration of a profound philosopher.
“Well, gentlemen, he said at last, through Mr. Tenney as interpreter, “you don’t look any the worse for your long journey.  “We are glad to hear your excellency say so, we replied; “it is gratifying to know that our appearance speaks well for the treatment we have received in China.  We hope our readers will consider the requirements of Chinese etiquette as sufficient excuse for our failure to say candidly that, if we looked healthy, it was not the fault of his countrymen.
Come, come, Baggage, wear me your best Clothes a Sunday, and brush ‘em up a Monday Mornings, and follow your Needle all the Week after; that was your good old Mother’s way, and your Grandmother’s before her; and as for the Husband, take no care about it, I have designed it _Antonio_, and _Antonio_ you are like to wed, or beat the hoof, Gentlewoman, or turn poor _Clare_, and die a begging Nun, and there’s an end on’t--see where he comes--I’ll leave you to ponder upon the business.
This humble Offering, which I presume to lay at your Lordship’s Feet, is of that Critical Nature, that it does not only require the Patronage of a great Title, but a great Man too, and there is often times a vast difference between these two great things; and amongst all the most Elevated, there are but very few in whom an illustrious Birth and equal Parts compleat the Hero; but among these, your Lordship bears the first Rank, from a just Claim, both of the glories of your Race and Vertues.
That I cannot do, but I can do some sort of a Lord, as some Lords are wiser than other-some; there is your witty Lord,--him I defie; your wise Lord, that is to say, your knavish Lord, him I renounce; then there’s your Politick Lord, him I wou’d have hang’d; then there’s your Foolish Lord, let him follow the Politician; then there’s your brisk, pert, noisy Lord, and such a small insignificant Fiend I care not if I am possest with; I shall deal well enough with a Devil of his capacity.
English letters, too, could be recognized on the second-hand paper and bagging appropriated to the natives’ use, and even the gilded buttons worn by the soldiers bore the stamp of “treble gilt. From here the road to Hami turns abruptly south, and by a pass of over nine thousand feet crosses the declining spurs of the Tian Shan mountains, which stand like a barrier between the two great historic highways, deflecting the westward waves of migration, some to Kashgaria and others to Zungaria.
For example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:       https://www.gutenberg.org/1/0/2/3/10234  or filename 24689 would be found at:      https://www.gutenberg.org/2/4/6/8/24689  An alternative method of locating eBooks:      https://www.gutenberg.org/GUTINDEX.ALL   ﻿The Project Gutenberg eBook of Chester Rand, by Horatio Alger, Jr  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions whatsoever.
He briefly traces the causes of the renaissance study of language and adds:    This grew speedily to an excesse; for men began to hunt more after   wordes than matter, and more after the choisenesse of the Phrase and the   round and cleane composition of the sentence, and the sweet falling of   the clauses, and the varying and illustration of their workes with   tropes and figures, then after the weight of matter, worth of subject,   soundness of argument, life of invention, or depth of judgement.
As she was now sending cart-load after cart-load of goods over the border, through Ili, into northern and western China, without paying a cent of customs duty, while on the other hand not even a leaf of tea or thread of cotton passed over the Russian line from China without the payment of an exorbitant tariff; and as she had already established in Kuldja a postal, telegraph, and Cossack station, it would seem that she does not even now view the province of Ili as wholly foreign to the Russian empire.
a man had as good be ty’d to a stake and baited like Tom Dove on Easter Monday as be the necessary appurtenance of a great man’s table!’ D’Urfey in the epilogue (spoken by Verbruggen) to Robert Gould’s _The Rival Sisters; or, The Violence of Love_, produced at Drury Lane in 1696, writes:--      When the dull Crowd, unskilled in these Affairs,     To day wou’d laugh with us, to morrow with the Bears:     Careless which Pastime did most Witty prove,     Or who pleas’d best, Tom Poet, or Tom Dove.
A freeman shall not be amerced for a slight offense, except in accordance with the degree of the offense; and for a grave offense he shall be amerced in accordance with the gravity of the offense, yet saving always his “contentment; and a merchant in the same way, saving his “merchandise; and a villein shall be amerced in the same way, saving his “wainage if they have fallen into our mercy: and none of the aforesaid amercements shall be imposed except by the oath of honest men of the neighborhood.
A freeman shall not be amerced for a slight offense, except in accordance with the degree of the offense; and for a grave offense he shall be amerced in accordance with the gravity of the offense, yet saving always his “contentment; and a merchant in the same way, saving his “merchandise; and a villein shall be amerced in the same way, saving his “wainage—if they have fallen into our mercy: and none of the aforesaid amercements shall be impsed except by the oath of honest men of the neighborhood.
Norden, Eduard North, Sir Thomas  Origen Overbury, Thomas Ovid  Palmieri Pazzi Peacham, Henry Petrarch Piccolomini Pico della Mirandola Plato Plautus Pliny Plutarch Poggio Pontanus, Jacob Prickard, A. O. Puttenham  Quintilian  Rabelais Ramus, Peter Reynolds, Henry Robortelli Ronsard Rufinus  Sappho Savonarola Scaliger, J.C. Schelling, Felix Segni Seneca Servatus Lupus Shakespeare Sherry, Richard Sidney Sidonius, Apollinaris Simonides Smith, John Soarez Socrates Sopatrus Sophocles Sophron Spenser Spingarn, J.E.
Wycherley’s _The Plain Dealer_ (1674), iii, I, where the Lawyer says to Manly: ‘You ... shammed me all night long.’ ’.hammed!’ cries Manley, ‘prithee what barbarous law-term is that?’ ’.hamming ...’ answers the lawyer, ‘’.is all our way of wit, Sir.’ And Freeman explains ‘Shamming is telling you an insipid dull lie with a dull face, which the sly wag the author only laughs at himself; and making himself believe ‘tis a good jest, puts the sham only upon himself.’  p. 176 _Dumfounding_.
No whispering, Gentlewoman--and putting Tricks into her head; that shall not cheat me of another Night--Look on that silly little round Chitty-face--look on those smiling roguish loving Eyes there--look--look how they laugh, twire, and tempt--he, Rogue--I’ll buss ‘em there, and here, and every where--ods bods--away, this is fooling and spoiling of a Man’s Stomach, with a bit here, and a bit there--to Bed--to Bed--      [_As she is at the Toilet, he looks over her shoulder,     and sees her Face in the Glass_.
As she walks along the street, they will whisper to one another: “There goes a woman who knows all her husband’s business; and who can manage just as well as himself. This will generally be followed in an undertone by the expression, “Madana satana, which means, in common parlance, “a female devil. At first it was a struggle to overcome this ignorant prejudice, and to get girls to come to the school free of charge; now it is hard to find room for them even when they are asked to pay for their tuition.
Genest writes: ‘On the first night it struck me that I had seen something like the play before and when the 4th act came I was fully satisfied--that part of the plot which concerns Antonia, Henry, and Gasper [Donna Antonia (The Mourning Bride), Mrs. Crouch; Don Henry, Kemble; Don Gasper (a Greybeard), Parsons; Donna Seraphina, Miss Farren]; and even the outlines of Seraphina’s character, are taken from _The Lucky Chance_--as Mrs. Behn’s play, though a very good one is too indecent to be ever represented again.
And the next morning, by eight o’clock, he was on his way to Selverhay: walking, poor man, the long and uninteresting seven miles on his small and rather tight-shod feet, through country that had been once beautiful but was now scrubbled all over with mining villages, on and on up heavy hills and down others, asking his way from uncouth clowns, till at last he came to the Common, which wasn’t a Common at all, but a sort of village more depressing than usual: naked, high, exposed to heaven and to full barren view.
This was prepared with chicken whenever it was possible to purchase a fowl, and then we would usually make the discovery that a Persian fowl was either wingless, legless, or otherwise defective after being prepared by a Persian _fuzul_, or foreigner’s servant, who, it is said, “shrinks from no baseness in order to eat. Though minus these particular appendages, it would invariably have a head; for the fanatical Shiah frequently snatched a chicken out of our hands to prevent us from wringing or chopping its head off.
The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase Project Gutenberg appears, or with which the phrase Project Gutenberg is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed:    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and   most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no   restrictions whatsoever.
The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase Project Gutenberg appears, or with which the phrase Project Gutenberg is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed:    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and   most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no   restrictions whatsoever.
Why, I’ll tell you; in the first place, a Pox of all Lovers, I say; for my Daughter _Isabella_ is to be married, as you know, to _Antonio_, a young rich Merchant of this Town; in the second place, my Wife, with a Vengeance, must be gadding to visit you and her Sister, whom we heard also was to be married to the young Governor Don _Carlos_; ’.is shreudly against my will, Heav’n knows, for my Wits are in an uproar already about this business--your Gallants, Father, your young Gallants,--I wish my Wife were secure at home again.
The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg appears, or with which the phrase “Project Gutenberg is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed, copied or distributed:    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and   most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no   restrictions whatsoever.
My Lord, I knew not that I was a Lover; I felt no flame, but a religious Ardour, That did inspire my Soul with adoration; And so remote I was from ought but such, I knew not Hope, nor what it was to wish For other blessings than to gaze upon her: Like Heaven I thought she was to be possess’d, Where carnal Thoughts can no admittance find; And had I not perceiv’d her Love to you, I had not known the nature of my flame: But then I found it out by Jealousy, And what I took for a Seraphick motion, I now decline as criminal and earthly.
“What we do know, for certain, is that Russia is now, with her Transcaspian railroad, within about forty miles of Meshed, the capital of Persia’s richest province of Khorasan; that she now has a well-engineered and, for a great portion of the way, a macadamized road to that city across the Kopet Dagh mountains from Askabad, the capital of Russian Transcaspia; and that half that road the Persians were rather forcibly invited to construct.    [Illustration: MR. LIANG, EDUCATED IN THE UNITED STATES, NOW IN THE   SHIPPING BUSINESS.]
And for obtaining the common counsel of the kingdom anent the assessing of an aid (except in the three cases aforesaid) or of a scutage, we will cause to be summoned the archbishops, bishops, abbots, earls, and greater barons, severally by our letters; and we will moreover cause to be summoned generally, through our sheriffs and bailiffs, all others who hold of us in chief, for a fixed date, namely, after the expiry of at least forty days, and at a fixed place; and in all letters of such summons we will specify the reason of the summons.
And for obtaining the common counsel of the kingdom anent the assessing of an aid (except in the three cases aforesaid) or of a scutage, we will cause to be summoned the archbishops, bishops, abbots, earls, and greater barons, severally by our letters; and we will moveover cause to be summoned generally, through our sheriffs and bailiffs, and others who hold of us in chief, for a fixed date, namely, after the expiry of at least forty days, and at a fixed place; and in all letters of such summons we will specify the reason of the summons.
Further, in all matters, the execution of which is entrusted to these twenty five barons, if perchance these twenty five are present and disagree about anything, or if some of them, after being summoned, are unwilling or unable to be present, that which the majority of those present ordain or command shall be held as fixed and established, exactly as if the whole twenty five had concurred in this; and the said twenty five shall swear that they will faithfully observe all that is aforesaid, and cause it to be observed with all their might.
If we, or in our absence abroad the chief justice, make no redress within forty days, reckoning from the day on which the offence was declared to us or to him, the four barons shall refer the matter to the rest of the twenty-five barons, who may distrain upon and assail us in every way possible, with the support of the whole community of the land, by seizing our castles, lands, possessions, or anything else saving only our own person and those of the queen and our children, until they have secured such redress as they have determined upon.
If any of our earls or barons, or others holding of us in chief by military service shall have died, and at the time of his death his heir shall be of full age and owe “relief he shall have his inheritance on payment of the ancient relief, namely the heir or heirs of an earl, 100 pounds for a whole earl’s barony; the heir or heirs of a baron, 100 pounds for a whole barony; the heir or heirs of a knight, 100 shillings at most for a whole knight’s fee; and whoever owes less let him give less, according to the ancient custom officers.
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at http://www.gutenberg.org/license    Title: Across Asia on a Bicycle  Author: Thomas Gaskell Allen and William Lewis Sachtleben  Release Date: January 29, 2010 [Ebook #31111]  Language: English  Character set encoding: UTF8   ***START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ACROSS ASIA ON A BICYCLE***                               ACROSS ASIA ON A BICYCLE    [Illustration: THROUGH WESTERN CHINA IN LIGHT MARCHING ORDER.]
’.was long she did maintain the Royal Cause, Argu’d, disputed, rail’d with great Applause; Writ Madrigals and Doggerel on the Times, And charg’d you all with your Fore-fathers Crimes; Nay, confidently swore no Plot was true, But that so slily carried on by you: Raised horrid Scandals on you, hellish Stories, In Conventicles how you eat young Tories; As_ Jew _did heretofore eat_ Christian _Suckling; And brought an _Odium_ on your pious Gutling: When this is all Malice it self can say, You for the good Old Cause devoutly eat and pray.
Nay, I knew he would be civil, Madam, or I would have borne you Company; but neither my Mistress nor I, cou’d sleep one wink all Night, for fear of a Discovery in the Morning; and to save the poor Gentleman a tumbling Cast from the Window, my Mistress, just at day-break, feigned her self wondrous sick,--I was called, desired to go to Signior _Spadilio’s_ the Apothecary’s, at the next Door, for a Cordial; and so he slipt out;--but the Story of this false Count pleases me extremely, and, if it should take, Lord, what mirth we shall have.
Well, I must break my Mind, if possible, to my Lady--but if she shou’d be refractory now--and make me pay Three hundred Pounds--why, sure she won’t have so little Grace--Three hundred Pounds sav’d, is three hundred pounds got--by our account--Cou’d All--    _Who of this City-Privilege are free,   Hope to be paid for Cuckoldom like me;   Th’unthriving Merchant, whom gray Hair adorns,   Before all Ventures wou’d ensure his Horns;   For thus, while he but lets spare Rooms to hire,   His Wife’s cracked Credit keeps his own entire_.
Sure I rose the wrong way to day, I have had such damn’d ill luck every way: First, to be sent for to such a Man as this _Bellmour_, and, as the Devil wou’d have it, to find my Knight there; then to be just upon the Point of making my Fortune, and to be interrupted by that virtuous Brother of his; then to have a Quarrel happen, that (before I could whisper him in the Ear, to say so much as, Meet me here again-- anon) forc’d me to quit the House, lest the Constable had done it for me; then that that silly Baud should discover all to my Cully.
My Lord  It is a common Notion, that gathers as it goes, and is almost become a vulgar Error, That Dedications in our Age, are only the effects of Flattery, a form of Complement, and no more; so that the Great, to whom they are only due, decline those Noble Patronages that were so generally allow’d the Ancient Poets; since the Awful Custom has been so scandaliz’d by mistaken Addresses, and many a worthy piece is lost for want of some Honourable Protection, and sometimes many indifferent ones traverse the World with that advantagious Pasport only.
The little Obligation I have to some of the witty Sparks and Poets of the Town, has put me on a Vindication of this Comedy from those Censures that Malice, and ill Nature have thrown upon it, tho in vain: The Poets I heartily excuse, since there is a sort of Self-Interest in their Malice, which I shou’d rather call a witty Way they have in this Age, of Railing at every thing they find with pain successful, and never to shew good Nature and speak well of any thing; but when they are sure ‘tis damn’d, then they afford it that worse Scandal, their Pity.
All this scheming for selling out and making reservations and hanging on and fixing prices and getting private bids for Manchester House and for the Endeavour, the excitement of forming a Limited Company to run the Endeavour, of seeing a lawyer about the sale of Manchester House and the auctioneer about the sale of the furniture, of receiving men who wanted to pick up the machines upstairs cheap, and of keeping everything dangling, deciding nothing, putting everything off till she had seen somebody else, this for the moment fascinated her, went to her head.
Moreover, for all those possessions, from which anyone has, without the lawful judgment of his peers, been disseised or removed, by our father, King Henry, or by our brother, King Richard, and which we retain in our hand (or which as possessed by others, to whom we are bound to warrant them) we shall have respite until the usual term of crusaders; excepting those things about which a plea has been raised, or an inquest made by our order, before our taking of the cross; but as soon as we return from the expedition, we will immediately grant full justice therein.
“We should fancy, said he, “a small green circle round every village indicated on the map, and shade all the rest in brown. The mighty hosts whose onward sweep from the Indus westward was checked only by the Grecian phalanx upon the field of Marathon must have come from the scattered ruins around, which reminded us that “Iran was; she is no more. Those myriad ranks of Yenghiz Khan and Tamerlane brought death and desolation from Turan to Iran, which so often met to act and react upon one another that both are now only landmarks in the sea of oblivion.
I, so much the worse, I tell you; for mark me, you have been Lovers lately; and old Stories may arise that are not yet forgotten; and having under the Cloke of a Husband both Sisters at command, one for a Wife, t’other for a Mistress, hoyte toyte, there will be mad work, i’faith; What a mixture of Brother by the Father’s side, and Uncle by the Mother’s side there will be; Aunt by the Mother’s side, and Sister by the Father’s side; a man may find as good kindred amongst a kennel of Beagles.--No, no, no Visits to the Governor, I beseech you, fair Madam.
FOOTNOTE       1 Eight years before the first recorded ascent of Ararat by Dr. Parrot       (1829), there appeared the following from “Travels in Georgia,       Persia, Armenia, and Ancient Babylonia, by Sir Robert Ker Porter,       who, in his time, was an authority on southwestern Asia: “These       inaccessible heights [of Mount Ararat] have never been trod by the       foot of man since the days of Noah, if even then; for my idea is       that the Ark rested in the space between the two heads (Great and       Little Ararat), and not on the top of either.
viii: ‘I remember the ladies were then observed to be decently afraid of venturing bare-faced to a new comedy, till they had been assured they might do it, without the risk of an insult to their modesty: or, if their curiosity were too strong for their patience, they took care, at least, to save appearances, and rarely came upon the first days of acting but in masks (then daily worn, and admitted in the pit, the side-boxes, and gallery) which custom, however, had so many ill consequences attending it, that it has been abolished these many years.’  p. 394 _Sice_.
ACROSS ASIA ON A                                  BICYCLE                    THE JOURNEY OF TWO AMERICAN STUDENTS                      FROM CONSTANTINOPLE TO PEKING                                     BY                         THOMAS GASKELL ALLEN, JR.                                    AND                          WILLIAM LEWIS SACHTLEBEN   NEW YORK THE CENTURY CO. 1894                                 Copyright, 1894, by                              THE CENTURY CO.                            _All rights reserved._                                 THE DEVINNE PRESS.
He may lie a long in’t, there’s just room for an old join’d Stool besides the Bed, which one cannot call a Cabin, about the largeness of a Pantry Bin, or a Usurer’s Trunk; there had been Dornex Curtains to’t in the days of Yore; but they were now annihilated, and nothing left to save his Eyes from the Light, but my Landlady’s Blue Apron, ty’d by the strings before the Window, in which stood a broken six-penny Looking-Glass, that shew’d as many Faces as the Scene in _Henry_ the Eighth, which could but just stand upright, and then the Comb-Case fill’d it.
To the south lay the lifeless desert of Luth, the “Persian Sahara, the humidity of which is the lowest yet recorded on the face of the globe, and compared with which “the Gobi of China and the Kizil-Kum of central Asia are fertile regions. It is our extended and rather unique experience on the former of these two that prompts us to refrain from further description of desert travel here, where the hardships were in a measure ameliorated by frequent stations, and by the use of cucumbers and pomegranates, both of which we carried with us on the long desert stretches.
My Lord,  When I consider how Ancient and Honourable a Date Plays have born, how they have been the peculiar Care of the most Illustrious Persons of _Greece_ and _Rome_, who strove as much to outdoe each other in Magnificence, (when by Turns they manag’d the great Business of the Stage, as if they had contended for the Victory of the Universe;) I say, my Lord, when I consider this, I with the greater Assurance most humbly address this Comedy to your Lordship, since by right of Antient Custom, the Patronage of Plays belong’d only to the great Men, and chiefest Magistrates.
What shall I confess?--I understand not your Cabalistical Language; but in mine, I confess that you wak’d me from the rarest Dream--Where methought the Emperor of the Moon World was in our House, dancing and revelling; and methoughts his Grace was fallen desperately in love with Mistriss _Elaria_, and that his Brother, the Prince, Sir, of _Thunderland_, was also in love with Mistriss _Bellemante_; and methoughts they descended to court ‘em in your Absence--And that at last you surpriz’d ‘em, and that they transform’d themselves into a Suit of Hangings to deceive you.
How much wages did you pay him?  “Five dollars a week.  “That’s pretty high pay.  “So it is, and we expect a first-class boy for that.  “Have you got a better boy in his place?  “Yes; I have taken in a cousin of mine who knows my ways and satisfies me.  “Was it the boy I saw just after I came in—a dark-complexioned boy with black hair?  “Yes, that is Felix.  “And you find him better than Chester?  “Yes.  Silas Tripp did not make any comments, but he had not been very favorably impressed by the little he had seen of Chester’s successor.
Forgive me!--Who shall forgive you your debauch’d Whoring and Drinking?--marry, ye had need so, you are such a Ruffler, at least if y’are every where as you are at home with me--No, Sirrah, I’ll never bed with you more; here I live sneaking without a Coach, or any thing to appear withal; when even those that were scandalous two Ages ago, can be seen in _Hide-Park_ in their fine Chariots, as if they had purchas’d it with a Maidenhead; whilst I, who keep myself intirely for you, can get nothing but the Fragments of your Debauches--I’ll be damn’d before I’ll endure it.
The _Maids Tragedy_--see the Scene of undressing the Bride, and between the _King_ and _Amintor_, and after between the _King_ and _Evadne_--All these I Name as some of the best Plays I know; If I should repeat the Words exprest in these Scenes I mention, I might justly be charg’d with course ill Manners, and very little Modesty, and yet they so naturally fall into the places they are designed for, and so are proper for the Business, that there is not the least Fault to be found with them; though I say those things in any of mine wou’d damn the whole Peice, and alarm the Town.
Now cannot I sleep, but am as restless as a Merchant in stormy Weather, that has ventur’d all his Wealth in one Bottom.--Woman is a leaky Vessel.--if she should like the young Rogue now, and they should come to a right understanding--why, then I am a--Wittal--that’s all, and shall be put in Print at _Snow-hill_, with my Effigies o’th’ top, like the sign of Cuckolds Haven.--Hum--they’re damnable silent--pray Heaven he have not murdered her, and robbed her--hum--hark, what’s that?--a noise!--he has broke his Covenant with me, and shall forfeit the Money--How loud they are?
“WE HAVE NO HOME BUT THE TENT OF KISHWÉGIN.  “We have no home but the tent of Kishwégin.  “THERE IS NO GOOD BUT THE GOOD OF NATCHA-KEE-TAWARA.  “There is no good but the good of Natcha-Kee-Tawara.  “WE ARE THE HIRONDELLES.  “We are the Hirondelles.  “WE ARE KISHWÉGIN.  “We are Kishwégin.  “WE ARE MONDAGUA.  “We are Mondagua—  “WE ARE ATONQUOIS—  “We are Atonquois—  “WE ARE PACOHUILA—  “We are Pacohuila—  “WE ARE WALGATCHKA—  “We are Walgatchka—  “WE ARE ALLAYE—  “We are Allaye—  “La musica!
She thanked him, and he showed her the substantial oak dining-room, and the little room with medical works and a revolving chair, which he called his study: then the kitchen and the pantry, the housekeeper looking askance; then upstairs to his bedroom, which was very fine with old mahogany tall-boys and silver candle-sticks on the dressing-table, and brushes with green ivory backs, and a hygienic white bed and straw mats: then the visitors’ bedroom corresponding, with its old satin-wood furniture and cream-coloured chairs with large, pale-blue cushions, and a pale carpet with reddish wreaths.
A Nobleman, marry come up, your Father, Huswife, meaning my self, was a Leather-seller at first, till, growing rich, I set up for a Merchant, and left that mechanick Trade; and since turned Gentleman; and Heav’n blest my Endeavours so as I have an Estate for a _Spanish_ Grandee; and, are you so proud, forsooth, that a Merchant won’t down with you, but you must be gaping after a Cap and Feather, a Silver Sword with a more dreadful Ribbon at the hilt?--Come, come, I fear me, Huswise, you are one that puff’s her up with Pride thus;--but lay thy hand upon thy Conscience now.--    [_To Jacinta_.
Loveby declares it must be the devil who has enriched him, and forthwith rescues his ‘Suit with the Gold Lace at Sleeves from Tribulation.’ Owing to his poverty he has been unable to visit Constance, and when he appears before her in his gay clothes he excuses his fortnight’s absence by saying, I have been ‘out of Town to see a little thing that’s fallen to me upon the Death of a Grandmother.’ In Act i of _The Wild Gallant_ Loveby gives Bibber a humorous description of a garret, which may be paralleled with Bredwel’s ‘lewd’ picture of Cayman’s chamber--_The Lucky Chance_, Act i, II.
By all that’s good, I’m mad, stark raving mad, To have a Woman young, rich, beautiful, Just on the point of yielding to my Love, Snatcht from my Arms by such a Beast as this; An old ridiculous Buffoon, past Pleasure, Past Love, or any thing that tends that way; Ill-favour’d, ill-bred, and ill-qualify’d, With more Diseases than a Horse past Service; And only blest with Fortune and my _Julia_; For him, I say, this Miser, to obtain her, After my tedious nights and days of Love, My midnight Watchings, Quarrels, Wounds and Dangers; --My Person not unhandsom too, By Heav’n, ‘twas wondrous strange!
Don Carlos, Governor of Cadiz, who has been contracted to Julia, now married to a rich old churl, Francisco, in order to gain her, mans a galley, which has been captured from the Turks, with some forty or fifty attendants disguised as ferocious Ottomans; and whilst she, her husband and a party of friends are taking a pleasure trip in a yacht, they are suddenly boarded and all made prisoners by the supposed corsairs, who carry them off to a country villa a few miles from the town belonging to Carlos’ friend, Antonio, which, however, they are firmly convinc’d is a palace inhabited by the Great Turk himself.
Moreover, for all those possessions, from which any one has, without the lawful judgment of his peers, be endisseised or removed, by our father, King Henry, or by our brother, King Richard, and which we retain in our hand (or which are possessed by others, to whom we are bound to warrant them) we shall have respite until the usual term of crusaders; excepting those things about which a plea has been raised, or an inquest made by our order, before our taking of the cross; but as soon as were turn from our expedition (or if perchance we desist from the expedition) we will immediately grant full justice therein.
Ladies-- Wou’d you be quit of their insipid noise, And vain pretending take a Fool’s advice; Of the faux Braves I’ve had some little trial, There’s nothing gives ‘em credit but Denial: As when a Coward will pretend to Huffing, Offer to fight, away sneaks Bully-Ruffian, So when these Sparks, whose business is addressing, In Love pursuits grow troublesom and pressing; When they affect to keep still in your eye,     | When they send_ Grisons _every where to spy,    | And full of Coxcomb dress and ogle high;        | Seem to receive their Charge, and face about, I’ll pawn my life they never stand it out.
Sir, I’m in earnest, you have gain’d that Heart, For which I have receiv’d so many wounds; Venturing for Trophies where none durst appear, To gain at my Return one single smile, Or that she would submit to hear my story: And when sh’has said, ‘twas bravely done, _Pisaro_, I thought the Glory recompens’d the Toil; And sacrificed my Laurels at her feet, Like those who pay their first-fruits to the Gods, To beg a blessing on the following Crop: And never made her other signs of Love, Nor knew I that I had that easy flame, Till by her Eyes I found that she was mortal, And could love too, and that my Friend is you.
We reached the opposite shore, a mile below the starting-point, and began to ascend from the river-basin to the highlands by an excavated fissure in the famous “yellow earth. This gives its name, not only to the river it discolors, but, from the extensive region comprised, even to the emperor himself, who takes the title of “Yellow Lord, as equivalent to “Master of the World. The thickness of this the richest soil in China, which according to Baron Richthofen is nothing more than so much dust accumulated during the course of ages by the winds from the northern deserts, is in some places at least two thousand feet.
After he has explained the first two varieties, however, and enters on the third, Puttenham says:    Now if our presupposall be true, that the Poet is of all other the most   auncient Orator, as he that by good and pleasant perswasions first   reduced the wilde and beastly people into publicke societies and   civilitie of life, insinuating unto them, under fictions with sweete and   coloured speeches, many wholesome lessons and doctrines, then no doubt   there is nothing so fitte for him, as to be furnished with all the   figures that be _Rhetoricall_, and such as do most beautifie language   with eloquence and sententiousness.
Neither we nor our bailiffs will seize any land or rent for any debt, as long as the chattels of the debtor are sufficient to repay the debt; nor shall the sureties of the debtor be distrained so long as the principal debtor is able to satisfy the debt; and if the principal debtor shall fail to pay the debt, having nothing wherewith to pay it, then the sureties shall answer for the debt; and let them have the lands and rents of the debtor, if they desire them, until they are indemnified for the debt which they have paid for him, unless the principal debtor can show proof that he is discharged thereof as against the said sureties.
Neither we nor our bailiffs shall seize any land or rent for any debt, so long as the chattels of the debtor are sufficient to repay the debt; nor shall the sureties of the debtor be distrained so long as the principal debtor is able to satisfy the debt; and if the principal debtor shall fail to pay the debt, having nothing wherewith to pay it, then the sureties shall answer for the debt; and let them have the lands and rents of the debtor, if they desire them, until they are indemnified for the debt which they have paid for him, unless the principal debtor can show proof that he is discharged thereof as against the said sureties.
We shall have, moreover, the same respite and in the same manner in rendering justice concerning the disafforestation or retention of those forests which Henry our father and Richard our brother afforested, and concerning wardship of lands which are of the fief of another (namely, such wardships as we have hitherto had by reason of a fief which any one held of us by knight’s service), and concerning abbeys founded on other fiefs than our own, in which the lord of the fief claims to have right; and when we have returned, or if we desist from our expedition, we will immediately grant full justice to all who complain of such things.
She would sit up in bed, the two glossy black plaits hanging beside her white, arch face, wrapping loosely round her her dressing-gown of a sort of plumbago-coloured, dark-grey silk lined with fine silk of metallic blue, and there, ivory and jet-black and grey like black-lead, she would sit in the white bedclothes flicking her handkerchief and revealing a flicker of kingfisher-blue silk and white silk night dress, complaining of her neuritis nerve and her own impossible condition, and begging Alvina to stay with her another half-hour, and suddenly studying the big, blood-red stone on her finger as if she was reading something in it.
--Ah, Madam, do not fear me in this posture, Which I will never quit till you have pardon’d me; It was a fault the most excusable, That ever wretched Lover did commit; And that which hinder’d me from following thee, Was that I could not well repent the Crime; But like a surly Sinner fac’d it out, And said, I thought ‘twas just, yes, fair _Erminia_; Hadst thou been mine, I would i’th’ face of Heaven, Proclaim it just and brave revenge: But, Madam, you were Wife to my Prince, And that was all my sin: Alas, in vain I hop’d for some return, And grew impatient of th’unkind delay, And frantickly I then out-run my happiness.
We shall have, moreover, the same respite and in the same manner in rendering justice concerning the disafforestation or retention of those forests which Henry our father and Richard our brother afforested, and concerning the wardship of lands which are of the fief of another (namely, such wardships as we have hitherto had by reason of a fief which anyone held of us by knight’s service), and concerning abbeys founded on other fiefs than our own, in which the lord of the fee claims to have right; and when we have returned, or if we desist from our expedition, we will immediately grant full justice to all who complain of such things.
All I ask, is the Priviledge for my Masculine Part the Poet in me, (if any such you will allow me) to tread in those successful Paths my Predecessors have so long thriv’d in, to take those Measures that both the Ancient and Modern Writers have set me, and by which they have pleas’d the World so well: If I must not, because of my Sex, have this Freedom, but that you will usurp all to your selves; I lay down my Quill, and you shall hear no more of me, no not so much as to make Comparisons, because I will be kinder to my Brothers of the Pen, than they have been to a defenceless Woman; for I am not content to write for a Third day only.
Hum, and has the Devil serv’d me thus?--but no matter, I must be gadding, like an old Coxcomb, to _Cadiz_,--and then, jaunting to Sea, with a Pox, to take pains to be a Cuckold, to bring my Wife into a strange Land, amongst Unbelievers, with a vengeance, as if we had not honest Christian Cuckold-makers enough at home; Sot that I was, not to consider how many Merchants have been undone by trusting their Commodities out at Sea; why, what a damn’d ransom will the Rogues exact from me, and more for my Wife, because she’s handsome; and then, ‘tis ten to one, I have her turned upon my hands the worse for wearing; oh, damn’d Infidels!
However, My Lord, I, for my part, will no longer complain, if this Piece find but favour in your Lordship’s Eyes, and that it can be so happy to give your Lordship one hour’s Diversion, which is the only Honour and Fame is wish’d to crown the Endeavours of,                                                My Lord,                                                 Your Lordship’s                                                   Most Humble, and                                                     Most Obedient                                                       Servant,                                                         A. BEHN.
Further, for all those possessions from which any Welshman has, without the lawful judgment of his peers, been disseised or removed by King Henry our father, or King Richard our brother, and which we retain in our hand (or which are possessed by others, and which we ought to warrant), we will have respite until the usual term of crusaders; excepting those things about which a plea has been raised or an inquest made by our order before we took the cross; but as soon as we return (or if perchance we desist from our expedition), we will immediately grant full justice in accordance with the laws of the Welsh and in relation to the foresaid regions.
“In the high Alps of Switzerland, where eternal snows and glaciers reign over luscious meadows full of flowers, if you should chance to awaken, as I have done, in some lonely wooden farm amid the mountain pastures, you—er—you—let me see—if you—no—if you should chance to _spend the night_ in some lonely wooden farm, amid the upland pastures, dawn will awake you with a wild, inhuman song, you will open your eyes to the first gleam of icy, eternal sunbeams, your ears will be ringing with weird singing, that has no words and no meaning, but sounds as if some wild and icy god were warbling to himself as he wandered among the peaks of dawn.
Further, for all those possessions from which any Welshman has, without the lawful judgment of his peers, been disseised or removed by King Henry our father or King Richard our brother, and which we retain in our hand (or which are possessed by others, to whom we are bound to warrant them) we shall have respite until the usual term of crusaders; excepting those things about which a plea has been raised or an inquest made by our order before we took the cross; but as soon as we return (or if perchance we desist from our expedition), we will immediately grant full justice in accordance with the laws of the Welsh and in relation to the foresaid regions.
At this the viceroy cleared his throat, and dropped his eyes in thoughtful mood, as much as to say: “Ah, I know the Russians; but there is no help for it.  At this point we ventured to ask the viceroy if it were true, as we had been informed, that Russia had arranged a treaty with China, by which she was entitled to establish consuls in several of the interior provinces of the Chinese empire, but he evaded the question with adroitness, and asked:  “Didn’t you find the roads very bad in China?  This question was creditable to the viceroy’s knowledge of his own country, but to this subject we brought the very best Chinese politeness we could muster.
in vain: Pinkethman could not take to himself the shame of the character without being concealed; he was no more _Harlequin_; his humour was quite disconcerted; his conscience could not, with the same effrontery, declare against nature, without the cover of that unchanging face, which he was sure would never blush for it; no, it was quite another case; without that armour his courage could not come up to the bold strokes that were necessary to get the better of common sense.’  Amongst the more notable performances of _The Emperor of the Moon_ were two at Dorset Garden on the 16 and 21 November, 1706, when Estcourt acted Scaramouch, and Pinkethman, Harlequin.
In his introductory chapter John explains that he has divided the subject into seven parts:    First is explained the theory of invention; then the manner of selecting   material; third, the arrangement and the manner of ornamentation; next,   the parts of a dictamen; fifth, the faults in all kinds of composition   (dictandi); sixth is arranged a treatise concerning rhetorical ornament   as necessary in meter as in prose, namely, the figures of speech and the   abbreviation and amplification of the material; seventh and last are   subjoined examples of courtly correspondence and scholastic dictamen,   pleasantly composed in verse and rhythms, and in diverse meters.
If anyone holding of us a lay fief shall die, and our sheriff or bailiff shall exhibit our letters patent of summons for a debt which the deceased owed us, it shall be lawful for our sheriff or bailiff to attach and enroll the chattels of the deceased, found upon the lay fief, to the value of that debt, at the sight of law worthy men, provided always that nothing whatever be thence removed until the debt which is evident shall be fully paid to us; and the residue shall be left to the executors to fulfill the will of the deceased; and if there be nothing due from him to us, all the chattels shall go to the deceased, saving to his wife and children their reasonable shares.
If any one holding of us a lay fief shall die, and our sheriff or bailiff shall exhibit our letters patent of summons for a debt which the deceased owed to us, it shall be lawful for our sheriff or bailiff to attach and catalogue chattels of the deceased, found upon the lay fief, to the value of that debt, at the sight of law-worthy men, provided always that nothing whatever be then be removed until the debt which is evident shall be fully paid to us; and the residue shall be left to the executors to fulfil the will of the deceased; and if there be nothing due from him to us, all the chattels shall go to the deceased, saving to his wife and children their reasonable shares.
INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
The shop should be turned into an elegant hall-entrance, carpeted, with a hall-porter and a wide plate-glass door, round-arched, in the round arch of which the words: “Manchester House should appear large and distinguished, making an arch also, whilst underneath, more refined and smaller, should show the words: “Private Hotel. James was to be proprietor and secretary, keeping the books and attending to correspondence: Miss Pinnegar was to be manageress, superintending the servants and directing the house, whilst Alvina was to occupy the equivocal position of “hostess. She was to shake hands with the guests: she was to play the piano, and she was to nurse the sick.
Either this, or our peculiar mode of travel, seemed to dispel all thought of highway robbery; we never lost even so much as a button on our journey of over three thousand miles across the Chinese empire.  “Did the governors you met treat you well? he asked; and then immediately added: “Being scholars, were you not subjected to some indignity by being urged to perform for every mandarin you met?  “By nearly all the governors, we said, “we were treated very kindly indeed; but we were not so certain that the same favors would have been extended to us had we not cheerfully consented to give exhibitions of bicycle riding.  There was now a lull in the conversation.
INDEMNITY — You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
And when none would trust thee farther, give Judgments for twice the Money thou borrowest, and swear thy self at Age; and lastly--to patch up your broken Fortune, you wou’d fain marry my sweet Mistress _Celinda_ here--But, Faith, Sir, you’re mistaken, her Fortune shall not go to the Maintenance of your Misses; which being once sure of, she, poor Soul, is sent down to the Country-house, to learn Housewifery, and live without Mankind, unless she can serve her self with the handsom Steward, or so--whilst you tear it away in Town, and live like Man and Wife with your Jilt, and are every Day seen in the Glass Coach, whilst your own natural Lady is hardly worth the Hire of a Hack.
‘Twas calculated for His late Majesty of Sacred Memory, that Great Patron of Noble Poetry, and the Stage, for whom the Muses must for ever mourn, and whose Loss, only the Blessing of so Illustrious a Successor can ever repair; and ‘tis a great Pity to see that best and most useful Diversion of Mankind, whose Magnificence of old, was the most certain sign of a flourishing State, now quite undone by the Misapprehension of the Ignorant, and Mis-representing of the Envious, which evidently shows the World is improv’d in nothing but Pride, Ill Nature, and affected Nicety; and the only Diversion of the Town now, is high Dispute, and publick Controversies in Taverns, Coffee-houses, &.
This is not the flattery of a cringing subordinate, for the same spirit is revealed in an address by the Sultan himself to his Grand Vizir:       “Most honored Vizir; Maintainer of the good order of the World;     Director of public affairs with wisdom and judgment; Accomplisher     of the important transactions of mankind with intelligence and     good sense; Consolidator of the edifice of Empire and of Glory;     endowed by the Most High with abundant gifts; and ‘Monshir,’ at     this time, of my Gate of Felicity; my Vizir Mehmed Pasha, may God     be pleased to preserve him long in exalted dignity.   Though the Turks cannot be called lazy, yet they like to take their time.
In the first place we have granted to God, and by this our present charter confirmed for us and our heirs forever that the English Church shall be free, and shall have her rights entire, and her liberties inviolate; and we will that it be thus observed; which is apparent from this that the freedom of elections, which is reckoned most important and very essential to the English Church, we, of our pure and unconstrained will, did grant, and did by our charter confirm and did obtain the ratification of the same from our lord, Pope Innocent III, before the quarrel arose between us and our barons: and this we will observe, and our will is that it be observed in good faith by our heirs forever.
In the first place we have granted to God, and by this our present charter confirmed for us and our heirs for ever that the English church shall be free, and shall have her rights entire, and her liberties inviolate; and we will that it be thus observed; which is apparent from this that the freedom of elections, which is reckoned most important and very essential to the English church, we, of our pure and unconstrained will, did grant, and did by our charter confirm and did obtain the ratification of the same from our lord, Pope Innocent III., before the quarrel arose between us and our barons: and this we will observe, and our will is that it be observed in good faith by our heirs for ever.
“Yes, said he, “that is what I am called here, but my real name is Splingard. He then went on to tell us that he was a Belgian by birth; that he had traveled extensively through China, as the companion of Baron Richthofen, and had thus become so thoroughly acquainted with the country and its people that on his return to the coast he had been offered by the Chinese government the position of custom mandarin at Su-chou, a position just then established for the levying of duty on the Russian goods passing in through the northwest provinces; that he had adopted the Chinese dress and mode of living, and had even married, many years ago, a Chinese girl educated at the Catholic schools in Tientsin.
What made you at the door against my positive commands,--the very Street-door,--in the night,--alone,--and undrest,--this is a matter of Fact, Gentlewoman; you hastened me away,--a plain case,--and presently, after Don _Carlos_ comes to the door,--positive proof,--sees me and falls right down upon my Jealousy,--clear conviction,--’twas pity but I had follow’d his counsel, yes, when the Devil turns student in Divinity;--but no matter, I’ll see your back fairly turn’d upon this Town to morrow; I’ll marry my Daughter in the morning to _Antonio_, and a fair wind or not, we’ll home; the Gally lies ready in the Harbour-- therefore prepare, pack up your tools, for you are no woman of this world.
The most flagrant example of Turkish formality that came to our notice was the following address on an official document to the Sultan:       “The Arbiter; the Absolute; the Soul and Body of the Universe; the     Father of all the sovereigns of the earth; His Excellency, the     Eagle Monarch; the Cause of the never-changing order of things;     the Source of all honor; the Son of the Sultan of Sultans, under     whose feet we are dust, whose awful shadow protects us; Abdul     Hamid II., Son of Abdul Medjid, whose residence is in Paradise;     our glorious Lord, to whose sacred body be given health, and     strength, and endless days; whom Allah keeps in his palace, and on     his throne with joy and glory, forever.
Lucretius says:    But as physicians, when they attempt to give bitter wormwood to   children, first tinge the rim round the cup with the sweet and yellow   liquid of honey, that the age of childhood, as yet unsuspicious, may   find its lips deluded, and may in the meantime drink the bitter juice of   the wormwood, and though deceived, may not be injured, but rather, being   recruited by such a process, may acquire strength; so now I, since this   argument seems generally too severe and forbidding to those by whom it   has not been handled, and since the multitude shrink back from it, was   desirous to set forth my chain of reasoning to thee, O Memmius, in   sweetly-speaking Pierian verse, and, as it were, tinge it with the honey   of the Muses.
I am sensible, my Lord, how far the Word Farce might have offended some, whose Titles of Honour, a Knack in dressing, or his Art in writing a Billet Doux, had been his chiefest Talent, and who, without considering the Intent, Character, or Nature of the thing, wou’d have cry’d out upon the Language, and have damn’d it (because the Persons in it did not all talk like Heros) as too debas’d and vulgar as to entertain a Man of Quality; but I am secure from this Censure, when your Lordship shall be its Judge, whose refin’d Sence, and Delicacy of Judgment, will, thro’ all the humble Actions and trivialness of Business, find Nature there, and that Diversion which was not meant for the Numbers, who comprehend nothing beyond the Show and Buffoonry.
The court scene was especially crowded with ‘the Lords, the Cardinals, the Bishops, the Doctors, Proctors, Lawyers, Tip-staves.’ On New Year’s Day, 1664, Pepys went to the Duke’s house and saw ‘the so much cried up play of Henry VIII; which tho’ I went with resolution to like it, is so simple a thing, made up of a great many patches, that, besides the shows and processions in it, there is nothing in the world good or well done.’ On 30 December, 1668, however, he saw it again, ‘and was mightily pleased, better than ever I expected, with the history and shows of it.’ In _The Rehearsal_ (1671), Act v, I, Bayes says: ‘I’l shew you the greatest scene that ever England saw: I mean not for words, for those I do not value; but for state, shew, and magnificence.
No, ‘twas a fatal Truth: _Alcippus_, hadst thou seen her, whilst the Priest Was giving thee to fair _Erminia_, What languishment appear’d upon her Eyes, Which never were remov’d from thy lov’d Face, Through which her melting Soul in drops distill’d, As if she meant to wash away thy Sin, In giving up that Right belong’d to her, Thou hadst without my aid found out this truth: A sweet composure dwelt upon her looks, Like Infants who are smiling whilst they die; Nor knew she that she wept, so unconcern’d And freely did her Soul a passage find; Whilst I transported had almost forgot The Reverence due t’her sacred self and Place, And every moment ready was to kneel, And with my lips gather the precious drops, And rob the Holy Temple of a Relick, Fit only there t’inhabit.
Why, her Father, old _Francisco_, was in his youth an English Cordwainer, that is to say, a Shoemaker, which he improv’d in time to a Merchant; and the Devil and his Knavery helping him to a considerable Estate, he set up for Gentleman; and being naturally a stingey, hide-bound Rascal, and in the Humour of Jealousy even out-doing the most rigid of us _Spaniards_, he came over into _Spain_, to settle with his whole Family, where his Wife dying, to heighten the Vice, marries this young _Julia_, your Mistress, Sir;--and now this Daughter of his having wholly forgot her original Dunghill, sets up for a Viscountess at least, though her Father has design’d me the Blessing; but I have fixt my Heart and Eyes else-where, _Clara_, the young Sister of your Mistress, Sir, commands my Liberty.
And if we shall not have corrected the transgression (or, in the event of our being out of the realm, if our justiciar shall not have corrected it) within forty days, reckoning from the time it has been intimated to us (or to our justiciar, if we should be out of the realm), the four barons aforesaid shall refer that matter to the rest of the five-and-twenty barons, and those five-and-twenty barons shall, together with the community of the whole land, distrain and distress us in all possible ways, namely, by seizing our castles, lands, possessions, and in any other way they can, until redress has been obtained as they deem fit, saving harmless our own person, and the persons of our queen and children; and when redress has been obtained, they shall resume their old relations toward us.
And if we shall not have corrected the transgression (or, in the event of our being out of the realm, if our justiciar shall not have corrected it) within forty days, reckoning from the time it has been intimated to us (or to our justiciar, if we should be out of the realm), the four barons aforesaid shall refer that matter to the rest of the five and twenty barons, and those five and twenty barons shall, together with the community of the whole realm, distrain and distress us in all possible ways, namely, by seizing our castles, lands, possessions, and in any other way they can, until redress has been obtained as they deem fit, saving harmless our own person, and the persons of our queen and children; and when redress has been obtained, they shall resume their old relations towards us.
Pretty--and drest with Love--a fine Figure, by Fortune: No, _Ned_, the painted Chariot gives a Lustre to every ordinary Face, and makes a Woman look like Quality; Ay, so like, by Fortune, that you shall not know one from t’other, till some scandalous, out-of-favour’d laid-aside Fellow of the Town, cry--Damn her for a Bitch--how scornfully the Whore regards me--She has forgot since _Jack_--such a one, and I, club’d for the keeping of her, when both our Stocks well manag’d wou’d not amount to above seven Shillings six Pence a week; besides now and then a Treat of a Breast of Mutton from the next Cook’s.--Then the other laughs, and crys--Ay, rot her--and tells his Story too, and concludes with, Who manages the Jilt now; Why, faith, some dismal Coxcomb or other, you may be sure, replies the first.
The use of poetry, says Puttenham,    is the laud, honour, & glory of the immortall gods (I speake now in   phrase of the Gentiles); secondly, the worthy gests of noble Princes,   the memoriall and registry of all great fortunes, the praise of vertue &   reproofe of vice, the instruction of morall doctrines, the revealing of   sciences naturall & other profitable Arts, the redresse of boistrous &   sturdie courages by perswasion, the consolation and repose of temperate   myndes: finally, the common solace of mankind in all his travails and   cares of this transitorie life; and in this last sort, being used for   recreation onely, may allowably beare matter not alwayes of the gravest   or of any great commoditie or profit, but rather in some sort vaine,   dissolute, or wanton, so it be not very scandalous & of evill   example.
You are, my Lord, by your generous Candor, your unbyast Justice, your Sweetness, Affability, and Condescending Goodness (those never-failing Marks of Greatness) above that Envy which reigns in Courts, and is aim’d at the most elevated Fortunes and Noblest Favourites of Princes: And when they consider your Lordship, with all the Abilitys and Wisdom of a great Counsellor, your unblemisht Vertue, your unshaken Loyalty, your constant Industry for the Publick Good, how all things under your Part of Sway have been refin’d and purg’d from those Grossnesses, Frauds, Briberys, and Grievances, beneath which so many of his Majestys Subjects groan’d, when we see Merit establish’t and prefer’d, and Vice discourag’d; it imposes Silence upon Malice it self, and compells ‘em to bless his Majesty’s Choice of such a Pillar of the State, such a Patron of Vertue.
It being undeniable then, that Plays and publick Diversions were thought by the Greatest and Wisest of States, one of the most essential Parts of good Government, and in which so many great Persons were interested; suffer me to beg your Lordships Patronage for this little Endeavour, and believe it not below the Grandure of your Birth and State, the Illustrious Places you so justly hold in the Kingdom, nor your Illustrious Relation to the greatest Monarch of the World, to afford it the Glory of your Protection; since it is the Product of a Heart and Pen, that always faithfully serv’d that Royal Cause, to which your Lordship is by many Tyes so firmly fixt: It approaches you with that absolute Veneration, that all the World is oblig’d to pay you; and has no other Design than to express my sense of those excellent Vertues, that make your Lordship so truly admir’d and lov’d.
You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org   Title: Rhetoric and Poetry in the Renaissance        A Study of Rhetorical Terms in English Renaissance Literary Criticism  Author: Donald Lemen Clark  Release Date: November 19, 2003 [EBook #10140]  Language: English  Character set encoding: UTF-8  *** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK RHETORIC AND POETRY ***     Produced by Distributed Proofreaders      Rhetoric and Poetry in the Renaissance  A Study of Rhetorical Terms in English Renaissance Literary Criticism  By  Donald Lemen Clark, Ph.D. Assistant Professor of English in Columbia University  1922     To my Father and Mother     Preface    In this essay I undertake to trace the influence of classical rhetoric on the criticisms of poetry published in England between 1553 and 1641.
And then, in the distance, the white horse jingling its trappings of scarlet hair and bells, with the dusky Kishwégin sitting on the saddle-blanket of brilliant, lurid stripes, sitting impassive and all dusky above that intermittent flashing of colour: then the chieftain, dark-faced, erect, easy, swathed in a white blanket, with scarlet and black stripes, and all his strange crest of white, tip-dyed feathers swaying down his back: as he came nearer one saw the wolfskin and the brilliant moccasins against the black sides of his horse; Louis and Goeffrey followed, lurid, horrid in the face, wearing blankets with stroke after stroke of blazing colour upon their duskiness, and sitting stern, holding their spears: lastly, Ciccio, on his bay horse with a green seat, flickering hither and thither in the rear, his feathers swaying, his horse sweating, his face ghastlily smiling in its war-paint.
The guardian of the land of an heir who is thus under age, shall take from the land of the heir nothing but reasonably produce, reasonable customs, and reasonable services, and that without destruction or waste of men or goods; and if we have committed the wardship of the lands of any such minor to the sheriff, or to any other who is responsible to us for its issues, and he has made destruction or waste of what he holds in wardship, we will take of him amends, and the land shall be committed to two lawful and discreet men of that fee, who shall be responsible for the issues to us or to him to whom we shall assign them; and if we have given or sold the wardship of any such land to anyone and he has there in made destruction or waste, he shall lose that wardship, and it shall be transferred to two lawful and discreet men of that fief, who shall be responsible to us in like manner as aforesaid.
The guardian of the land of an heir who is thus under age, shall take from the land of the heir nothing but reasonable produce, reasonable customs, and reasonable services, and that without destruction or waste of men or goods; and if we have committed the wardship of the lands of any such minor to the sheriff, or to any other who is responsible to us for its issues, and he has made destruction or waster of what he holds in wardship, we will take of him amends, and the land shall be committed to two lawful and discreet men of that fee, who shall be responsible for the issues to us or to him to whom we shall assign them; and if we have given or sold the wardship of any such land to anyone and he has therein made destruction or waste, he shall lose that wardship, and it shall be transferred to two lawful and discreet men of that fief, who shall be responsible to us in like manner as aforesaid.
All fines made with us unjustly and against the law of the land, and all amercements, imposed unjustly and against the law of the land, shall be entirely remitted, or else it shall be done concerning them according to the decision of the five and twenty barons whom mention is made below in the clause for securing the pease, or according to the judgment of the majority of the same, along with the aforesaid Stephen, archbishop of Canterbury, if he can be present, and such others as he may wish to bring with him for this purpose, and if he cannot be present the business shall nevertheless proceed without him, provided always that if any one or more of the aforesaid five and twenty barons are in a similar suit, they shall be removed as far as concerns this particular judgment, others being substituted in their places after having been selected by the rest of the same five and twenty for this purpose only, and after having been sworn.
Nor need we look back into long past Ages, to bring down to ours the Magnanimous deeds of your Ancestors: We need no more than to behold (what we have so often done with wonder) those of the Great Duke of _Beauford_, your Illustrious Father, whose every single Action is a glorious and lasting President to all the future Great; whose unshaken Loyalty, and all other eminent Vertues, have rendred him to us, something more than Man, and which alone, deserving a whole Volume, wou’d be here but to lessen his Fame, to mix his Grandeurs with those of any other; and while I am addressing to the Son, who is only worthy of that Noble Blood he boasts, and who gives the World a Prospect of those coming Gallantries that will Equal those of his Glorious Father; already, My Lord, all you say and do is admir’d, and every touch of your Pen reverenc’d; the Excellency and Quickness of your Wit, is the Subject that fits the World most agreeably.
All fines made with us unjustly and against the law of the land, and all amercements imposed unjustly and against the law of the land, shall be entirely remitted, or else it shall be done concerning them according to the decision of the five-and-twenty barons of whom mention is made below in the clause for securing the peace, or according to the judgment of the majority of the same, along with the aforesaid Stephen, archbishop of Canterbury, if he can be present, and such others as he may wish to bring with him for this purpose, and if he cannot be present the business shall nevertheless proceed without him, provided always that if any one or more of the aforesaid five-and-twenty barons are in a similar suit, they shall be removed as far as concerns this particular judgment, others being substituted in their places after having been selected by the rest of the same five-and-twenty for this purpose only, and after having been sworn.
--The Marble Statue _Venus_ he mistook For fair _Erminia_, and such things he spoke, Such unheard passionate things, as e’en wou’d move The marble Statue’s self to fall in love; He’d kiss its Breast, and say she kind was grown, And never mind, alas, ‘twas senseless Stone; He took its Hand, and to his Mouth had laid it, But that it came not, and its stay betray’d it; Then would he blush, and all asham’d become, His Head declining, for awhile be dumb: His Arms upon his Breast across would lay, Then sensibly and calmly walk away; And in his walk a thousand things he said, Which I forgot, yet something with me staid; He did consult the nature of the Crime, And still concluded that ‘twas just in him; He run o’er all his life, and found no act That was ungenerous in him, but this fact, From which the Justice took off the Disgrace, And might even for an act of Virtue pass; He did consult his Glory and his Pride; And whilst he did so, laid his grief aside; --Then was as calm as e’er he seem’d to be.
Since, moreover, for God and the amendment of our kingdom and for the better allaying of the quarrel that has arisen between us and our barons, we have granted all these concessions, desirous that they should enjoy them in complete and firm endurance for ever, we give and grant to them the underwritten security, namely, that the barons choose five-and-twenty barons of the kingdom, whomsoever they will, who shall be bound with all their might, to observe and hold, and cause to be observed, the peace and liberties we have granted and confirmed to them by this our present Charter, so that if we, or our justiciar, or our bailiffs or any one of our officers, shall in anything be at fault toward any one, or shall have broken any one of the articles of the peace or of this security, and the offense be notified to four barons of the foresaid five-and-twenty, the said four barons shall repair to us (or our justiciar, if we are out of the realm) and, laying the transgression before us, petition to have that transgression redressed without delay.
Since, moveover, for God and the amendment of our kingdom and for the better allaying of the quarrel that has arisen between us and our barons, we have granted all these concessions, desirous that they should enjoy them in complete and firm endurance forever, we give and grant to them the underwritten security, namely, that the barons choose five and twenty barons of the kingdom, whomsoever they will, who shall be bound with all their might, to observe and hold, and cause to be observed, the peace and liberties we have granted and confirmed to them by this our present Charter, so that if we, or our justiciar, or our bailiffs or any one of our officers, shall in anything be at fault towards anyone, or shall have broken any one of the articles of this peace or of this security, and the offense be notified to four barons of the foresaid five and twenty, the said four barons shall repair to us (or our justiciar, if we are out of the realm) and, laying the transgression before us, petition to have that transgression redressed without delay.
Mrs. Cowley might without any disgrace to herself have borrowed whatever she pleased provided she had made a proper acknowledgement--instead of which she says in her preface “--The idea of the business which concerns Antonia, Henry and Gasper was presented to me in an obsolete Comedy; I say the _idea_, for when it is known that in the original the scene lay among traders in London--and those traders of the lowest and most detestable manners, it will be conceived at once, that in removing it to Portugal and fixing the characters among the nobility, it was hardly possible to carry with me _more_ than the idea--the traders whom Mrs. Cowley mentions, are both Knights, the one an Alderman, the other a Banker.’ Genest then compares various scenes and expressions from _The Lucky Chance_ with Mrs. Cowley and concludes ‘The other scenes though they may differ in the dialogue yet agree in essentials--the scene in the 5th act between Alexis and Gasper bears the strongest resemblance to that between Sir Feeble and Sir Cautious in The Lucky Chance.
Know that, having regard to God and for the salvation of our soul, and those of all our ancestors and heirs, and unto the honor of God and the advancement of holy church, and for the reform of our realm, by advice of our venerable fathers, Stephen archbishop of Canterbury, primate of all England and cardinal of the holy Roman Church, Henry archbishop of Dublin, William of London, Peter of Winchester, Jocelyn of Bath and Glastonbury, Hugh of Lincoln, Walter of Worcester, William of Coventry, Benedict of Rochester, bishops; of master Pandulf, subdeacon and member of the household of our lord the Pope, of brother Aymeric (master of the Knights of the Temple in England), and of the illustrious men William Marshall earl of Pembroke, William earl of Salisbury, William earl of Warenne, William earl of Arundel, Alan of Galloway (constable of Scotland), Waren Fitz Gerald, Peter Fits Herbert, Hubert de Burgh (seneschal of Poitou), Hugh de Neville, Matthew Fitz Herbert, Thomas Basset, Alan Basset, Philip d’Aubigny, Robert of Roppesley, John Marshall, John Fitz Hugh, and others, our liegemen.
Know that, having regard to God and for the salvation of our soul, and those of all our ancestors and heirs, and unto the honor of God and the advancement of his holy Church and for the rectifying of our realm, we have granted as underwritten by advice of our venerable fathers, Stephen, archbishop of Canterbury, primate of all England and cardinal of the holy Roman Church, Henry, archbishop of Dublin, William of London, Peter of Winchester, Jocelyn of Bath and Glastonbury, Hugh of Lincoln, Walter of Worcester, William of Coventry, Benedict of Rochester, bishops; of Master Pandulf, subdeacon and member of the household of our lord the Pope, of brother Aymeric (master of the Knights of the Temple in England), and of the illustrious men William Marshal, earl of Pembroke, William, earl of Salisbury, William, earl of Warenne, William, earl of Arundel, Alan of Galloway (constable of Scotland), Waren Fitz Gerold, Peter Fitz Herbert, Hubert De Burgh (seneschal of Poitou), Hugh de Neville, Matthew Fitz Herbert, Thomas Basset, Alan Basset, Philip d’Aubigny, Robert of Roppesley, John Marshal, John Fitz Hugh, and others, our liegemen.
Buchanan, George Budé Butler, Charles  Can Grande Campano, G. Campion, Thomas Casaubon Cassiodorus Castelvetro Castiglione Cato Caussinus, N. Chapman, G. Chaucer Chemnicensis, Georgius Cicero Clement of Alexandria Cox, Leonard Croce, B. Croll, Morris Curio Fortunatus  Daniel, Samuel Daniello Dante Darwin, Charles Demetrius Demosthenes de Worde, Wynkyn Dio Chrysostom Dionysius of Halicarnassus Dolce Drant, Thomas Drummond of Hawthornden DuBellay Ducas DuCygne, M. Dunbar, William  Earle, John Eastman, Max Empedocles Emporio Erasmus Eratosthenes Estienne, Henri Etienne de Rouen Euripides  Farnaby, Thomas Fenner, Dudley Filelfo Fraunce, Abraham  Gascoigne George of Trebizond (Trapezuntius) Gorgias Gosson, Stephen Gower Gregory Nazianzen Guarino Guevara  Hall, Joseph Harington, John Harvey, Gabriel Hawes, Stephen Heinsius, D. Henryson Heliodorus Herodotus Hermagoras Hermannus Allemanus Hermogenes Hilary of Poitiers Holland, P. Homer Horace Hermas Hesiod Heywood, John  Isidore of Seville Isocrates  James I James VI Jerome John of Garland John of Salisbury Jonson, Ben Julian  Kechermann  Lactantius Langhorne Lipisius Livy Lodge Lombardus, B. Longinus Loyola Lucan Lucian Lucretius Lydgate, John Lyly, John Lyndesay, David.
KNOW THAT BEFORE GOD, for the health of our soul and those of our ancestors and heirs, to the honour of God, the exaltation of the holy Church, and the better ordering of our kingdom, at the advice of our reverend fathers Stephen, archbishop of Canterbury, primate of all England, and cardinal of the holy Roman Church, Henry archbishop of Dublin, William bishop of London, Peter bishop of Winchester, Jocelin bishop of Bath and Glastonbury, Hugh bishop of Lincoln, Walter Bishop of Worcester, William bishop of Coventry, Benedict bishop of Rochester, Master Pandulf subdeacon and member of the papal household, Brother Aymeric master of the knighthood of the Temple in England, William Marshal earl of Pembroke, William earl of Salisbury, William earl of Warren, William earl of Arundel, Alan de Galloway constable of Scotland, Warin Fitz Gerald, Peter Fitz Herbert, Hubert de Burgh seneschal of Poitou, Hugh de Neville, Matthew Fitz Herbert, Thomas Basset, Alan Basset, Philip Daubeny, Robert de Roppeley, John Marshal, John Fitz Hugh, and other loyal subjects:  (1) FIRST, THAT WE HAVE GRANTED TO GOD, and by this present charter have confirmed for us and our heirs in perpetuity, that the English Church shall be free, and shall have its rights undiminished, and its liberties unimpaired.
And nothing makes them so thorough-stitcht an Enemy as a full Third Day, that’s Crime enough to load it with all manner of Infamy; and when they can no other way prevail with the Town, they charge it with the old never failing Scandal--That ‘tis not fit for the Ladys: As if (if it were as they falsly give it out) the Ladys were oblig’d to hear Indecencys only from their Pens and Plays and some of them have ventur’d to treat ‘em as Coursely as ‘twas possible, without the least Reproach from them; and in some of their most Celebrated Plays have entertained ‘em with things, that if I should here strip from their Wit and Occasion that conducts ’.m in and makes them proper, their fair Cheeks would perhaps wear a natural Colour at the reading them: yet are never taken Notice of, because a Man writ them, and they may hear that from them they blush at from a Woman--But I make a Challenge to any Person of common Sense and Reason--that is not wilfully bent on ill Nature, and will in spight of Sense wrest a double _Entendre_ from every thing, lying upon the Catch for a Jest or a Quibble, like a Rook for a Cully; but any unprejudic’d Person that knows not the Author, to read any of my Comedys and compare ’.m with others of this Age, and if they find one Word that can offend the chastest Ear, I will submit to all their peevish Cavills; but Right or Wrong they must be Criminal because a Woman’s; condemning them without having the Christian Charity, to examine whether it be guilty or not, with reading, comparing, or thinking; the Ladies taking up any Scandal on Trust from some conceited Sparks, who will in spight of Nature be Wits and _Beaus_; then scatter it for Authentick all over the Town and Court, poysoning of others Judgments with their false Notions, condemning it to worse than Death, Loss of Fame.
